Who analyzed the biopsies?
who represented robert frost and walter kasza in their suit?
What was the law suit against Groom about
what did the complainants alleged happen to them?
When was the aerospace magazine article published?
What location has become an area of interest for current UFO and other conspiracy theories?
What was the focus of modern UFO conspiracy?
What type of airspace is Nellis?
What kind of action do military pilots face if they stray into prohibited areas?
what made the testing strip for the aircraft?
who was along for the initial U-2 delivery?
What type of roads lead to the ranches?
Where does the Groom Lake Road head relative to the lake?
What is thought to be being built in Roswell?
What is a possible requirement for various network traffic?
When does QoS negotiate how network activity will behave?
How are packets forwarded?
What is the main purpose of different queuing strategies that routers use?
what is guaranteed with a subset of qos?
QoS applications require what two things to work properly?
What limits internet traffic?
What does TCP stand for
How many queues do DiffServ routers have?
Performance of encrypted traffic on the internet must be downgraded to perform what type of inspection for QoS?
What is an acronym for type of service?
What thing composes the line?
what do you call the cells cultured directly from the cells called?
When did Roux remove some of his medullary plate?
When were cell culture techniques significantly advanced?
what year was Mughal dynasty established?
What must be ratified if a country wishes to join the WTO?
What unreasonable protocol is not allowed?
What part of the world criticized TRIPS the most?
What were the countries that supported TRIPS into inclusion?
Whom did Helmsled had to defeat in order to win 1997 tournament?
Did Levesque team up with Lord Steven Regl for more or less than one full year?
who left?
What wrestling move did he use to end matches at this time?
When was he executed?
Why wasn't it possible for Henry Norris to be tortured?
How much was the annual pension?
Who did Thomas Boleyn's charm win in Europe?
The marriage of Anne and Henry needed the support of which king?
What was the name of the king that married Catherine of Aragon?
how many servants did it take to handle her personal needs?
Elizabeth's mother is known as what?
who did public support favor?
What was Boleyn before he became Lord Mayor?
Approximately how much money did this movie earn?
How many Spartans were there?
Who was Sparta's wife?
How many creatures were introduced in the narrative?
How many millions of people lived in Ulsan?
what is a kimchi?
what do regular and royal families consume?
What is the Korean spelling for the word hanguk yori?
When did a civil war happened between both Korean countries?
What year did South Korea host the Olympics?
What flanks the mountainous peninsula on the west?
Which kind of land mass is it?
Which year was the peninsula divided?
How much land area does the lowlands make up?
Where was taekwondo originally from?
What may occur in some cases of Chronic Bronchitis?
What factors determine whether sputum is swallowed or spit out?
where are the crackles heard?
Diagnosis of poor airflow included decreasing rates of smoking and what?
how has mortality changed between men and women in some countries?
How many people in the US have COPD?
what are the two major types of asthma?
What is the duration of time that agonists are potent for?
10-20% of COPD cases come from where?
What disease are professionals unclear if multiple iterations of exist?
What percentage of people with COPD are current or former smokers (in the US and UK)?
What company manufactured the first FDA approved rHGH?
What has a simulatory effect?
What substance encourages milk in bovine cows?
Growth hormone causes what to happen in childhood?
What kind of retention is increased?
What is an example of a condition where there is pressure on the nerves?
Which hormone is also found in the pituitary gland?
What is another name for the hormone-inhibiting hormone?
What is required in ad campaigns for items that purport to be dietary supplements?
What treatment can cause severe side-effects?
what happens when sex hormones increase during puberty?
Which amongst the Three Sovereigns in China discovered tea about 5000 years ago?
how long does caffeine last in a adults body?
What does the dosage of caffeine needed to produce a certain affect depend on?
How good of an indicator is color of tea of it caffeine level?
What can help heal the pain and agony of asthma?
What department is Copan located in?
How many rulers was showes when he placed the Altar Q at the base of the temple?
John Welch Jr. was CEO of what company beginning in 1981?
What major city is considered one of the 34 prefectures of the island?
What is the modern name of the city Vladimir Putin was born in?
What is one of the themes of cultural expression?
What else besides music is considered to be a part of country ideology?
Who is in charge of the production of literature and art in Korea?
What was the population of tax-paying adult males in Ottoman at the end of the 16th century?
what was the christian % in 1948?
which region is thought to have a mediterranean climate?
What changes someone's ability to access holy sites in Bethlehem?
What are most entrances and exits subject to in Israel?
How many taxi stations have routes to Herodium?
What does the theater present?
What is the center's goals ?
What is the name of the place?
Where did Palestinian militants take refuge and the the IDF besiege for 39 days duriing a counteroffensive?
Which two religious groups battled at Basicilica in 1517?
Who took over for the Greek Orthodox clergy?
What year did Israeli troops leave Bethelhem?
where are grapes mainly grown?
What was refrained from being destroyed?
How many quarters does the city consist of?
What sort of interaction occurs in nature?
What do organisms share?
What is evolution according to modern evolution synthesis?
Why is there a variation in the phentotype?
How were new variations introduced?
The Hardy-Weinberg principle solves variation maintenance in a population of what descent?
When is the DNA replicated in relation to cell division?
Which generations are affected by a legacy of effects?
What is a possibility in the origination of eukaryotes?
Complex biochemistry s said to have been made life through what?
How many billion years ago did highly energetic chemistry produce a self-replicating molecule?
Does recombination change allele's frequency?
What kind of organisms have genes that are linked together?
What has the development of molecular genetics brought to light?
How many genes will change their function while another continues as normal?
How many levels can selection act as at the same time?
What can transposons move through?
What is disruptive selection?
What happened to prokaryotes from 3-4 billion years ago?
How long ago did the eukaryotic cells emerge?
How are insects described in animal species?
Why was the concept of synthesis extended?
Who did Lucretius study for his masterwork?
Where is final assembly located in Europe?
who is assisting Boeing financially?
What type of emissions are still present?
What type of jetliner has a large work share value?
What is the investment money Airbus is being given by European governments called?
How is Airbus funded?
How many engines does the A340 have?
How much improve fuel efficiency should the A320 Enhanced have?
The NATO is made up of which countries?
where do the large A380 go after Bordeaux?
Who investigated the solution?
In which location does Airbus propose to carry out the A320s concluding assembly?
Airbus engineered which original plane?
When Ted Irvine had his child, what hockey team was he playing for?
Who was suspected to be wearing Juventud Guererra's mask?
How many different holds does Jericho know?
Who did Jericho have a rivalry with?
How man bodies can sit in Stade Vellodrome?
When was Henry Alexander Murray born?
Who was responsible for the woman's death?
What is one of her works that was released in 1997?
What happens when a player gets a red card?
During a game of soccer, how many referees help the lead referee?
How many original laws to the game were there?
what tavern did they meet at in october of 1863?
How many clubs were in England's first football league?
how many feet?
What is the group of players called
How are position divided in soccer?
What position in soccer is tasked with scoring goals?
What was the average of goals per match in the 05-06 season?
How many players make a team?
What is an example of a dangerous item to wear during a match?
How would a player be affected if substituted in a game by another player?
When did the IFAB experiment with not requiring penalty shootouts?
what is CONCACAF?
What are the two championships implemented for a select few Latin American football leagues called?
How many representatives from FIFA are on the board?
What does IFAB stand for?
Since when has there been  women's professional soccer championships?
What are two examples of cytotoxic chemical weapons?
What is the makeup of silver nitrate?
What is another name for periodic methane eruptions?
What was the result of the experiment carried out by Australia?
Where was the flight coming from?
What type of transportation frequents the Bermuda Triangle?
What is the cause of incorrect numbers?
What is the organization's purpose?
What are ISOs?
What was the number code for the Code of Practice for Information Security Management?
What does ISO stand for?
what is the punishment for envious in dante's purgatory?
What is the translation of gluttony in the classic language of ancient Rome?
What is the goal of greed according to church?
What were the kind of behaviours previously associated with gluttony?
How many grams of sodium chloride are in a mole of chlorine?
what is the synonym of  allogeniec
What are donors screened for before actually donating?
What are the screening?
why are names of donors in the US kept?
what makes up the majority of the screening?
What are the factors that affect donation?
A blood drive can sometimes occur where?
Who has to manually make a port-to-VLAN assignment if a user changes ports?
What is the first thing that happens once a device enters the network?
What did early network designers do?
What methods were used before the 802.1Q standard?
How many approaches are used for assigning VLAN membership?
Infection can be prevented by the use of which chemical?
In what decade did the classification of bacteria change?
What is the highest summit in the Pamir-Alai mountain system?
Most of Earth's water is what kind?
What is the scientific term for the water cycle?
What process is H2O important for?
What is the source of the evaporated water?
What is bacteriolysis?
What kind of complement system do these antibodies have?
How many tandems are heavy chains y, a, and s made from?
How many amino acids are in a heavy chain?
What is the scientific name for sharks?
What did researchers study after discovering B cells generate antibodies?
What does this mechanism rely on?
What does the Rh antigen produce?
What is composed of one constant and one variable domain?
What type of cloning are single hybridoma cells isolated by?
Lymphocytes are fused to what?
What monoclonal antibodies use to purify?
Rheumatoid arthritis is treated by what type of therapy?
How many type of microbes can cause an antibody response?
How old was  Václav Klement when he founded Škoda?
Where was Bosch from?
What did Skoda engineers design?
What kind of engine does the Skoda have?
What figure is commonly seen along Britain's roadways?
On which floorplan was the Octavia and Fabia models built?
What information does the average page duration give a person?
Site viewing times may best be times to do promotional campaigns during what time period?
What makes up domain classes?
Whats the name of the thing that tracks links?
How can you measure the amount of traffic on a website?
Where does the Filmfare Awards ceremony take place?
What ethnicity have the Filmfare Awards been called?
What were the two main wishes of the Muslim girl?
What should women get according to the father?
On what social media platform did Kumar make his statement?
The play focuses on what religion?
What does Kithaab portray?
Who started an online campaign?
who represents the clergy in the Mosque?
What did he plan to adapt the story into?
what did stewart do when she was released from prison?
What position did Patrick take?
Which types items designed by Martha Stewart can be found at Macy's?
What percentage does Stewart control?
Where are the group known as Nama located?
Who was Saruhashi Katsuko?
What did Saruhashi die from?
What field of study did she get her PhD in?
Karp was what age when he learned HTML?
How old was he when his parents separated?
when was Tumblr launched?
Which leader signed a free trade agreement in China to improve relations with India?
What increases the risk of tuberculosis?
How much does the risk of getting TB increase when having HIV?
What happen when Tuberculosis entered France in 1918?
Within five years of entering a sanatoria, what percentage of tuberculosis sufferers died?
What can tuberculosis cause?
What type of aneurysm may the infection cause?
What is the alternate name for the more serious form of TB?
What country is attempting to eliminate an illness caused by bacteria?
What does an individual with fully susceptible MTB develop when s/he fails to take medication as prescribed?
What is the next stage after TB infection?
who does TB affect commonly in Africa?
How many percent of the infections have no symptoms at all?
What is the role of Vaccines?
What disease does nontuberculous mycobacteria cause?
What ailment does M. africanum cause?
What are the mycobacteria affected by immunization?
What other acids are used?
How is active TB initially diagnosed?
What disease was detected in Wyoming bison remains dated 17000 years ago?
What was the original name given to Sokolowsko located in Silesia?
What age is miliary tuberculosis most common in?
What unicellular microorganisms can be found in the granuloma?
The WHO managed to have favorable outcomes with treatments for which disease?
In recent years has there been an increase or decrease in Tuberculosis cases?
What needs to be active for the transmission of the disease to occur?
Which two features were played up by Bill Gates
Who was the audience providing praise for?
What is available to fix the shortcomings of Windows 98?
What distinguishes the  Ld- type asteroid  from the L-type asteroid?
What happen during the 30 years war?
How many countries is the ranking based on?
Where does Heidelberg University rank nationally?
How many books are in Germany's most frequently used library?
what platform can one use to announce loss?
When is Jamie Miller credited for creating The Game?
How many values of extreme programming will be elaborated on in the next section?
How are flaws communicated?
In what types of projects are changes natural and desirable?
What is the definition of code?
What is the intention of the principles?
XP was created with the intention to do what?
What is the most a person could make on golden rice without having to pay royalties?
No royalties are required from farmers or subsequent users of golden rice genetics as long as their yearly profits are less than how much money?
What could farmers replant?
How many deaths does VAD cause per year?
In what U.S state is Reed college located?
What section was created for orthopaedics specifically?
What is the primary function of the International Federation in this instance?
What type of representation was used?
What is the cabinet Minister known as?
In what year was function recognized?
which house can parliament regulate recruitment of people in?
How many spacecraft st be considered?
When was a media event held?
What degree was achieved?
When was Karen diagnosed with cancer?
What was Neil Armstrong's first job after college?
What was the name of the person who Armstrong was going to sue if the hair was not given back?
Who was the famous astronaut that said one giant leap
What did they learn about?
Who piloted chase planes on the first day?
What type of vehicle is mentioned?
When was the honorary certificate issued?
What embassy was Durdy Bayramov from?
What was the name of Bayramov's patriotic painting?
When was Turkmen Carpet Makers painted?
What was the last year Bayramov was an art instructor?
What diploma was Bayramov given in 1984?
What year did Bayramov composed his most profound masterpiece?
Name two artists appointed along with Bayramov.
What does the Foundation and other institutions work together to do?
How many decades did Cultural Figures span for?
What did Bayramov embark on?
How many portraits are there in Bayramov's "Gozel"?
Where did Durdy Bbayramov go after school?
What did critics think about Bayramov paintings?
Under what circumstances will a population remain stable?
How long does it take traits to accumulate?
Why don't all individuals in a generation survive?
How much percent of support do their objections have?
What did Mendel call genes?
how is the process of mutation in DNA?
What is the ancestor of fleas?
how is the size or shape of molecules described?
Who did the European expansion employ?
what process has the wrong idea of natural selection?
what is the nature of monomers?
what has well defined structures?
What is the typical cellulose content found in wood?
Missing biopolymers in synthetic polymers causes what to happen?
What will you find with amino acids residue?
what do many biopolymers do?
What is the name for the analytical technique mentioned in this sentence?
What two products can measure mechanical properties of biopolymers?
What nationality is Laura Pesce?
When were the Monte Carlo simulations conducted?
What did the person study at University of Hanover?
What did he introduce in 1986?
What was the name of the model finally?
What helped Barack Obama become president again in 2012?
What was the rate at which the industry was getting bigger?
How much money have these organizations spent in this area?
What happens to big data?
What was the novel idea to imrpove data process?
When is Data not good?
Name one efficiency this allows.
What kind of times are the industry tying to reach people?
When did Tesla die?
What position was Tesla allocated at the Central Telegraph Office?
What were the names of Tesla's sisters?
What year did the 50th birthday fall on?
Who did Abdul Razak Hussein replace?
What was the reaction of Wan Azizah's fans when he announced that he would resign?
Who was mainly responsible for the resignation of prime minister according to Diane?
Where was he proposed to become chairman and a candidate?
Who did he marry in 1956?
What caused him to go into small businesses?
How many children did Siti have?
What was Mahathir's new title after he retired?
What happen after Mahathir increased government spending?
Which currency did Mahathir tie to the US dollar in 1988?
what was the controversial approach?
How many languages did Ethnologue listed in Philippines?
Where can Filipino mostly be heard?
What languages do the Philippine media commonly use?
What is located south of Taiwan?
What is steam distillation used for?
When are they under orders from the Army and Navy?
Along with the Gendarmerie, who else operates security forces in peactime?
which countries have not gone along with the standard?
where can I find the definition of C Series
Which type of gate is said to have functional completeness?
What are symptoms of depression?
Why is suicide in rural areas so common?
What rises along with poverty?
What Asian country has a high rate of suicide?
Which insect has soldiers that will commit suicide by self-imploding, releasing a sticky substance that can stop their enemies?
What is a reason someone would commit suicide?
How much more often due men take their own lives than women in the west?
What is China's suicide ratio between males and females?
Why was suicide eventually outlawed?
Where did they bury people who commited suicide
Where do suicides by young females at a greater rate elderly females?
What does the Hindu Scriptures says about one who commits suicide?
What kind of people was Prayopavesa restricted to?
How many treatments are available to those who suffer from mental problems?
How is lithium useful to man?
What do opinions opposite of the Christian philosophers say about suicide?
What increases with people who have gambling problems compared to the general population?
Pathological gamblers are at risk of doing which act?
What percent of people receiving treatment for alcohol addiction die by suicide?
Which gender is usually associated with alcohol related suicide?
Which drug users are under the biggest withdrawal risk?
What type of substance was given a reduced access as an attempt to prevent suicides?
who needs to increase their social interaction the most?
Depressive illness and what were adjusted?
What does not help when determining the degree of dehydration?
What could be the result of antibiotic use?
How many billions of dollars does the rotavirus cost the United States a year?
What are some symptoms of a viral infections?
How does medication that tries to lower acid affect the chances of getting a severe infection?
Does antibiotics prevent Stapylococcus aueus infectious diarrhea?
What happens after bacteria gets in food?
what is the most common Bacteria that causes diseases in children?
What is the most common reason for people in developing countries suffering from gastroenteritis?
how many death do gastroenteritis cause?
Which products are similarly benefitial as BRAT diet?
What does BRAT diet stand for?
In the most severe cases, what is the method of rehydration?
What may occur secondary to Disease?
What type of cause is less likely to activate the virus?
What bacteria is a primary cause of gastroenteritis?
How many suites are in the Emirates Palace?
In what year was Ayesha Takia born?
What percentage did the prevalences range in Asia?
Where is HBV in birth high?
What disease had an outbreak occur in 1883?
A smallpox outbreak happened in Breman and some shipyard employees who were vaccinated reported they suffered from what?
what type of study was lurman's paper?
When was the virus causing syphilis discovered
What year were various outbreaks reported in?
Which non-retroviruses virus that still uses reverse transcription in their replication process?
how is HIV transmitted?
What people visited the islands during the time that was pre-Columbian?
What year did Ecuador annex the Galapagos Islands?
How many inhabited islands are there?
What sort of charts did he accurately draw?
Of the 128 islands that make up the Galapagos, how many are considered main islands?
How many restaurants are housed in the Abraj Kudai hotel expected to open in 2019 or 2020?
What is the Japanese Ministry of defense trying to develop?
What year did ATD-X first take off?
What was the name of the aircraft also known as Mount Fuji or one's mind?
What type of jet was Mitsubishi developing?
What is Navigation?
What is the shorter name which the table can be referred to as?
What are the only two things it forms adjacencies with?
If the current DR falls apart what will happen?
What highest settings wins in priority?
When is the detection initiated in a router?
What protocol does the routers use in the domains?
How much will a 100Mbit /s link will cost according to Cisco metric??
What version are updates for IPv6?
What is the name of the interconnecting router that maintain connections?
What protocol number does OSPF use?
What landmark did the artisans work on?
Who was studying in the same university as Bell when he was 16?
How large was the population in 2016?
What was Belarus fertility rate in 2007?
How many males are there per one female in Belarus?
What is the population of Gomel?
What nation is Alexander Lukashenko the leader of?
What is the distance of Belarus from west to east in miles?
When was it published?
The Union was Russia and what other country?
when did the proposal start?
Belarus is dependent on which import?
Which festival takes place in Vitebsk and showcases Belarusian performers and artists?
What is the average annual rainfall of Belarus?
What alphabet is German written in?
What group of languages does German belong to?
What countries does Germany border?
Which law system  is used in Germany?
When did it begin being an ally to France?
How often is the prize granted?
Who is the person who has the second most power in Germany?
Germany is known to have contributed greatly with its contributions to what fields?
What percentage of Energy was imported for Germany in the year 2008?
As of what year were one third of Germans not officially recognized members of religious associations?
Which system replaced conscription in 2011?
Which troops attempted to execute air attacks on the British in 1940?
What regions are considered transition regions in Germany?
What was one direction the Germanic tribes didn't expand towards?
When did The Greens first join parliament?
What European country watches the mosts TV?
What part of Germany became more religiously diversified through immigration in 1945?
What was the name of the mother?
When was Viswesvarayya born?
When did Viswesvarayya receive the Bharat Ratna?
In what month was the Six-Day War?
Who uses Fr. most often?
What does RP. stand for?
When was Amelio forced from the board?
What apps were included in the updated version of February 5, 2008?
During what time Jobs had a bad relationship with his CEO?
What version of Apple computer brought in more money after the release of System 7?
What are female condom made of?
What is the most common material used in condoms this days?
What is the failure rate rate in women who have not given birth?
How do you test for pregnancy?
What is the first-year failure rates of hormonal contraceptive pills?
What was published in 2009 by the WHO?
what is the failure rate of Surgical sterilization?
What doesn't require a medical exam?
Which birth control method is best used for emergencies?
What types of birth controls reduces the rate of teenage pregnancy the most?
What is the pregnancy rate of women who take levonorgestrel pills within 72 hours of unprotected sex?
What medicine is less effective than Mifepristone?
What is the number of women the UN would like to increase the use of the latest form of birth control by in poor countries?
The savings that have been accumulated have done a good job at what?
What had the greatest savings?
A urethane plug is a type of what?
What does Neutering or spaying involve?
Which religion thinks preventing conception is acceptable but terminating pregnancy is not?
What often causes women to want to reverse sterilization?
what is the increased risk of after tubal reversal?
What causes serious complications in tubal ligation?
what does not affect brestfeeding?
What biological process happens within a woman after she gives birth?
What postpartum month were failure rates found to be up to 7.5%?
What is the failure rate of infants that only breastfeed?
What subjects are there common misconceptions about?
What names were the pills marketed under?
COCP can be effective with the first pill if taken when?
What type of bleeding is the most common side effect?
Users are recommended tests for STDs and what else?
what reduces the effects
What is a disadvantage of the birth control pill Seasonale?
When was the birth control pill first approved for use in the US?
Who was presented with the beakers in this task?
At which age does a child develop proper usage of logic?
What must the king do with a new castle?
Which bodies of water lay to the east and the west?
What kind of element did Stamen discover?
what year was Neha sharma born?
What is free writing?
What is the purpose of the focused freewrite technique?
Which sex is more susceptible to AML?
Are the prognoses of sub types constant?
When was Ehrlich's method devised?
Who discovered the leukemia disease?
What gave this person's blood a gruel consistency?
What was Virchow known for?
Who directed the film Barfi?
Which country was this film popular in?
What did Barfi do when she was dejected?
What was his father's job?
When did principal photography commence?
When did Basu visit Kolkata?
What is the main airport in Casablanca often known for?
How much of industrial labor is attracted?
How much percent does the region use ?
What is the name of a satellite around Saturn?
Where does Aegaeon orbit?
What prize did Malala Yousafzai win at a very young age?
what lake is found in the country?
What is the abbreviation for the group of football-related entities which Armenia is part of?
Emigration levels have dropped off recently, resulting in what?
How many organisations is Armenia a part of?
What church did two of the apostles of Jesus found?
what did the refugee increase cause?
What country did many Azerbaijanis leave due to this conflict?
Who financed the reconstruction of infrastructure of the Armenian earthquake zone?
How many square miles is The Republic of Armenia?
How many rural communities are in Armenia?
Who is Albert Wendt?
What did Germans produce in Samoa?
Which fruit does not really get sent to other countries in Samoa?
where can train tracks be see?
When did Western Samoa become Samoa?
What competition has Samoa been featured in for nearly 30 years?
Samoa participated in the World cup, Pacific Nations Cup, and what other tournament?
Whose customs were taken into account with the 1960 constitution?
What type of discipline is the Samoan government asking for?
What sector expands?
Samoa is dependent on what for its GDP?
Where maintains its customs despite centuries of influence from Europe?
who chooses the prime minster?
when were the elections held?
The rise of what party was associated with the election of 1910?
What year did the federal election end in a tie?
How many seats did the Conservatives win?
Having a hung parliament is often referred to as having what kind of government?
Why is a period of confusion necesssary after a election?
What names were the Conservative and Liberal parties called before the mid-19th century?
how many general elections have been there since the election of 1929?
What was Dafydd Elis Thomas reelected as?
Is the ipod compatible with competing music stores?
What is used to scroll on an iPod?
In which direction did the the EU expand?
In what century was the Western European dominant in
Iceland Britain and waht other region is refered to as a special case?
How many different parties make up Brazil's congress?
What two countries in South America does Brazil not share a border with?
What flying object was a major export?
How do the judiciary authorities exercise their duties?
What kind of system is the federative republic?
In which country is the legislative house considered to to be the source of law?
Who administers?
At what age do children in the US generally begin receiving immunization?
Which island's name can be translated to "Island of Small Beans"?
What did the island first succeed in growing for Japan?
apart from Paris, where else was the filming done?
What month was filming supposed to start?
when was the Mission Impossible movie made?
Mission: Impossible-Fallout was released during which American iconic pastime?
What is the word delusion mean when referring to pathology?
What are was the conflict over?
What did Goguryeo develop from?
Mural and artifacts depict danger by wearing what?
On what day of the year was Monica Anna Maria Bellucci born?
In which country is the Shizuoka Prefecture located?
What mountain range is the prefecture located within?
What is the name of the section where one would find a model of the Statue of Liberty?
What country is this village a part of?
How far off shore does the tourist submarine travel?
What zone is Pattaya City located in?
What areas does Pattaya City cover?
What areas does Pattaya 3 Road connect?
How many kilometers is 75 real miles?
when was the temple erected?
What does the name Pattaya refer to?
Where can Juvavum be found?
When was the end of the era of Illuminism?
What geographic feature is to Salzburg's south?
What type of aid does the two smaller hits give within the city?
What made the sportster more unique?
What was the first exchange between Harley-Davidson and Buell?
How long did William and Arthur work on their motor-bicycle?
What year was the first Harley Davidson factory built?
What did this tactic result in?
What US President placed a tariff on motorcycles in 1983?
When were the Sportsters added?
what engine does the V-Rod have?
What are the specifically mentioned brands in this instance?
How many model families are available from Harley?
What did Harley Davidson do in June of 2000?
Where was the battery placed?
what does kings have?
How can you identify Electra Glides?
How many Queens were in Southampton on the same day in April 2008?
What year did Queen Mary 2 complete her journey around South America?
Who were those that were invited to bid for project Queen Mary?
What is the term for a concentrated salt solution?
How does the plant primarily get its energy?
The artists who developed Queen Mary 2's artwork are from where?
How many days long was the cruise?
What is used to create energy for the electric motor?
Which ship is the only passenger ship that operates as an ocean liner?
what is the known nickname?
What kind of apple fruit does 'boh loh' translate to?
What is stuffed inside the pineapple bun?
What can be used to make a pineapple bun if you don't have butter?
How is Chinese-style Western bread different?
What meal is the bread dough popular for?
Which church is in use with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cartagena?
Which two elements was it composed of?
when do the nebula begins contraction?
what accelerated?
How mant arches are in Plaza de Diaz Sanz?
What is the average high temperature in Celsius in Ashgabat in July?
What does the city produce?
What gene is being mutated?
What is Timothy syndrome?
Who could not come to an agreement on power sharing?
From whose family was their great opposition?
Where did they like to travel to?
Who was an opponent of Gandhi?
What languages did the children learn?
How many brothers did Jinnah have?
Jinnah advocate for what when first becoming a politician?
When did Pakistan come into existence?
What did tests confirm?
When did Jinnah win an election?
When was the film Gandhi released?
Where were the areas with a large population of Muslims?
what score is necessary for something to be classified as a moderate croup?
What are the symptoms of the condition?
What is missing when resting even if they have a barking cough?
What symptoms are likley not to be prominent at this stage?
What's necessary if kids desperately need oxygen?
What medication is able to be administered both by injection and by breathing it in?
What is range in which it could occur?
What could be the problem if standard treatment doesn't improve a person?
An respiratory infection that could occur between 6 months and 5 years was named what in the 18th century?
What did the French call viral croup?
What is the expected duration of the viral croup?
What is the type of treatment for hot steam inhalation?
What number Resolution was called on to find a way around a veto?
How many days before the veto?
What was the proposed new destination for the embassy?
How many states is The Hindu published in?
What year did the Hindu begin offering an online edition?
What did Euler's formal provide?
What country or countries does North Korea share land boundaries with northward?
when was Doyle born?
What is the maiden name of his mother?
Where did Doyle's father die?
Where was the body of Doyle discovered?
In 1909 which writing spoke against what happened in the colony of the Congo?
Who did Casement commit treason against?
Who else helped inspire characters in The Lost World besides Morel and Casement?
What city was Arthur Conan Doyle born in?
What year did Jean Lena Annette die?
When did Hawkins marry Jean Elizabeth?
where are granaries built?
Where can you find the majority of gold in the southernmost country in Africa?
What type of money got replaced?
Who contributed information to the star catalogues?
What is the name of the plant system that works to counteract the effects of a virus?
Why is RNA interference especially important for plants?
How old was she when she became governor?
What senator did Palin publicly question about his finances?
what did Palin state?
Who is in favor of sex education that promotes not having any?
When was Sarah Palin's tenure as Alaska Governor?
How many valves does each cylinder have?
What is the Veyron's engine capacity?
How much do Michelin PAX run flat tires cost?
What did Davis do before the Civil War?
When did Jefferson Davis end his fight in the Mexican-American war?
How long did Jefferson Davis serve as lieutenant?
what did robert e. lee tell the southerners?
When did he complete his memoir?
After what conquest did smoking tobacco become popular?
In what year was smoking first recorded?
What are some other smoking implements?
What sport in Iraq is most popular?
Which industry did Howard Government partially deregulate?
What two types of agricultural exports is a major source for Australia?
How long has Australia had an account deficit?
Why doesn't Australia have a state religion?
What is the capital of Australia?
Name one ballet company in Australia.
How were the theater managed during the beginning of the 20th century?
What does each state have?
The Australian capital and Northern terrotories get how many senators each?
How long did the planning phase for the federation of colonies take?
Where did Australians fight?
What is the main influence associated with Australian culture?
What sort of climate is most common with the south-west corner of the country?
What group of people was affected by the 1967 referendum?
What are some of the top non chistian religions in the United States?
Who were the three prominent leaders in pragmatism in the post Civil War era?
What kind of philosophy did Noam Chomsky help to promote?
Which female author was largely unknown during her time in the late part of the 19 century/
How many bird species is the United States home to?
What state achieved health care?
What is the worlds main money system used?
How many billions of dollars is the United States in debt in the category of trade?
How many nations hosted diplomatic missions?
who had a lab that made many inventions we use to this day?
How many times has the constitution been changed?
What currency did Burundi use until 1960?
For speech that is incoherent, what does it fail to suppress?
A child with AS may have trouble riding a bike or what?
What are the signs of ASDs?
what can a Selenium Grid do?
What can it do for functional test?
What is one name of an internet browser?
What does Selenium WebDriver do after it takes and accepts the commands?
Due to nazi legislations, which famed perfume brand had to stop selling?
There were 40 international boutiques in what decade?
What does Fars province mean?
How many buses does Shiraz have?
How high above sea level is Shiraz?
Where was the final destination for the export crops ?
What economy was changed in the second part of the 19th century?
What are two major allergic reactions?
In what year did Iran receive 12 Olympic medals?
What country received the awards?
What sport has increased in popularity over the years?
What was the annual budget of the sport?
What sport does Iran refer to when referencing its national sport?
What is a test for worker ability?
What type of plants was this classification typically used for?
How quickly does acute leukemia need to be treated?
When is the exit poll taken?
When was the phishing technique presented to HP?
How many were affected by phishing in one year?
why are these attacks considered problematic?
Tabnabbing is a method that does what to the user?
What is the group of  Kaileuna, Vakuta, and Kitava islands is in need of of?
The Trobriand Islands are part of what nation?
On which island do most of the people live in the Trobriand Islands?
How many countries completed in the games?
What is a language spoken by many people in the Ukraine?
What percentage of Crimea speaks Russian?
What examination was used to measure responses?
when was the Ukraine Lisbon protocol signed?
when was the nation united first?
What percentage of the soviet soldiers were either captured or killed?
How did the citizens of Ukraine survive after the dissolution of the Soviet?
Which country is among the users of rail?
which area has the most railway tracks in ukraine?
what nationalities were consecrated into the military?
Which holiday is celebrated by the Ukranians?
how many oblast were present?
Holodomor is also known as what?
Where did the Varangians assimilate to?
Fungi is one of the things that is abundant and diverse in which country?
what gave the eggs the pleasant colors?
Who takes into consideration a child's attachment needs when it comes to placement options?
Where do most nitrogen-fixing organisms exist?
In order to protect oneself from head trauma, what should one wear?
the weight of what makes it hard for them to get out of the water?
What location did James II come back to?
How many residents live there?
What percent of primary school students were minorities in 2016?
France and Russia fought with which country?
What animal is sometimes used to represent how Churchill defied the Nazis?
What is in possession of Britannia?
What kind of animal does Britannia ride?
How many kids in Scotland attend private school?
What countries have their own separate Cricket teams?
What are the two major oil and gas companies whose headquarters are in the UK?
What area did MacDiarmid and Gunn play a role in?
Tokyo, New York City, and waht other city are teh three command centers?
how are the Atlantic currents warmed?
can Parliament pass laws that cannot be changed in the future?
Jeremy Bentham and who are notable Britons?
What defense operations after the Cold War did Great Britain state would be undertaken only as part of a coalition?
Those who are sworn in become what?
If the ruling monarch is a man, what word is replaced with "king" in the national anthem?
What is the UK separated by?
How long is compulsory education in England?
what are the examples of hormonal changes
How many weeks were included in the sample?
What was the last name of Mr. Ray who was on the newspaper strip?
what does Paul Gardner do?
Who donates clothing and shoes?
What did Gardner see when he didn't have a place to live?
What type of car was the stockbroker in?
What year did the King die?
Where did prince Makhosetivego to school?
What happens when stars gain gas?
What did the recent simulation of planetary migration deduce?
What planet has an weird axial tilt?
What large star does one pole face continuously?
What makes this planet unique?
why was cooling efficiency weak?
What does Georgium Sidus mean?
Uranus is known to radiate a lot of energy out into space how much of this is comprised of heat energy?
What is the most dense planet?
How much bigger is Uranus mass compared to Earth?
What are the two types of radii measured?
What number must teams approach if a series converges?
What is a divergent series in mathematics?
What mathematician proved it?
Whom did the Pakistani soldiers pretend to be when crossing India border?
What year did the Indo-Pakistani war take place?
What sort of region is the Helmland River flowing through?
When was the Adidas 1 introduced?
Which team did Tapie control until the year 1993?
What colors may flowers be?
Phlox can flower in spring, fall, and what other season?
How many values does the fruit have?
Their work is a marriage of cultivation and what?
What sort of films do most of these people enjoy?
Hindi songs serve as the basis for what kind of other songs?
Which people enjoy movies that are popular in India?
What type of dynasty ruled in the Maldives?
What are the people mostly made up of?
how old is the rock?
Where is the moon located during the new moon?
When did a man step on the moon?
How widespread is Gaudi's popularity?
what did guadi's work get classified as?
What year did Gaudi take a daily walk to church?
Who was hit by a tram?
When was Faegheh Astashin born?
What is every season of American Horror Story born as?
what channel is it on in the US?
Ford attempted to buy shares of which company?
What type of car won the 1951 and 1953 Le Mans 25 Hours?
What is the procedure that doctors use to determine a person's health?
What is the cause of lung involvement?
What do most parasites target secondarily?
Whats included in the  recommendations for hospital acquired pnuemonia?
Who was the first to identify streptococcus pnuemoniae?
What medication category does penicillin fall in?
Who invented the test that helps identify bacteria?
What has caused the increase in cases?
what percentage of children does the virus affect?
What urine tests are recommended?
What is an acceptable treatment for a lung abscess
What happens when bacteria enters the area between alveoli and cells in the lung?
How can bacteria travel to reach other areas?
In what body system do cytokines cause a reaction?
What was controversial to be used?
which version of the flu can you take rimantadine for?
when in a child's life is a cough absent?
How is respiratory failure caused by pneumonia?
Name a very common disease that has been around since the dawn of humans?
Approximately how many strains of disease have been identifies in the article?
What is the treatment based on?
how many child-deaths would be avoided if good treament was available globally?
what two actions can take place to prevent pneumococcal pneumonia?
How many billion dollars a year are spend on treating pneumonia?
Why are vaccinations important?
What organ does this sickness invade?
What can happen when people touch contaminated objects then touch their facial orifice openings?
What parts of their face are touched when people contract this virus?
What does the measles virus use as vesel to reach the lungs?
What is the tradeoff for using medication to treat influenza?
what is the mortality percentage rate of people recovering fron lungs?
How many genes are associated with the ability to cath leprosy?
The second edition of which book will place the creature in Kanpur?
What is the earliest year of existence for the club?
What is Cnidaria?
A map to a lake was found where?
How many copies of the game was bought?
Name one action the player is able to do when he gained experience.
What does XP stand for?
When was the game expansion released?
When was the game announced?
What did John and Kanyeke discover?
Who was attacking the village?
Which pirate attacked Morgan when he was sailing?
Which is higher, the number of cows given or the number of musketeers given?
What years does the game occur in?
What name is Amelia Black also known as?
What was united ages of empire iii based
What is the name of Kanyenke's nephew?
What have all these countries formed?
People consider wars pointless when the possibility of what can no longer be accomplished?
who can participate?
What year was the John Mayer Trio created?
How many guitars were made?
what does the album cover feature?
What Marvin Gaye song did the album release a cover for?
what title was given to the recordings
Who did he dedicate his award to?
How many songs are in Mayer's EP?
What magazine did Mayer write for?
What kind of fields contribute?
What do some scientist think as the best evidence as the slow expansion of the universe?
What does the coincidence problem concern itself with?
According to the WMAP study, how much of the universe is dark matter?
How many kilograms is undetectable in laboratory experiments?
What percentage of dark energy is in the universe?
What is insider trading considered in some countries?
What profession would most likely use the Google Translator Toolkit?
Which script has been historically use to write Sanskrit within Bengal?
What is one profession a licensed physician can go into?
when did certificated took place?
The Psychology department began when?
What is another name for the island called Seven Hills?
What is the north face like?
How many cylinders does a rotary engine normally have?
What are the playing strips called?
Who directed Bajirao Mastani?
When did the US annex the area?
When was the mosque at the top built by Babur?
What is the nickname of the tyrant of Sierra Leone?
Where is Vandy being held?
Who is an astronaut?
What is the believed diameter of the Saturn's core?
How far below the surface was water detected on Enceladus?
What was sent back?
What did the spacecraft also study?
When does Saturn appear to be at its brightest?
What type of atmosphere is Rhea proposed to have?
What is deflected by the magnetosphere?
What does the moon Titan contribute when it orbits around Saturn?
What is the approximate difference in equatorial and polar radii?
Where are the planets?
How many years does it to take complete an circuit?
When was the confirmation that Titan had an atmosphere that was thick?
The orbiters did how many flybys before releasing?
What type of being was Ishtar?
Who is Joseph Priestley?
How did people help the Priestleys?
What kind of nuclear policy has been adopted by India?
Who manages the second largest military force in the world?
What was the nationality of chemists who made a chemical synthesis in 1944?
Research was undertaken due to what pressure?
Where can quinine be found?
Strong north-east winds start blowing when?
Who achieved pre eminence by building forts along the ports?
In the name Elisabet Jonsdottir, what part is named after the father?
What kind of climate does Iceland have?
What type of company is Glitnir?
What remains unpaved?
Iceland temporarily suspended their parliamentary government from what dates?
What process is used to change the constituencies count for elections?
when was the law enacted?
When did Cagle receive her medical degree?
What does premature burial cause?
Which country is ranked in the World Corruption Perceptions Index?
What century was Montevideo founded?
How many miles of coastline does Uruguay have?
What does clonidine mimic?
How are the results studied and collected?
Which film was recognized as the best western film?
What color was featured in the 3220 screen?
When did the Florida bus protest happen?
After receiving the Nobel Peace Prize, what was his career filled with?
Who lived in the Gaston Motel?
how many people did they march for 54 miles?
Which notable person was gassed and beaten?
Who was the sheriff in Selma?
Whose death sparked MLK's march?
who lost the election
What might have not been constitutional?
When was King arrested?
Who was to blame for the failed campaign?
What was the name of Martin Luther Kings speech at the Lincoln Memorial?
how much did voter registration increase?
Which state had the most black voters in 1965?
How many new individuals became registered voters?
Which Sport did Lesnar love to play?
How many times did she fly into space?
The California State Normal School allowed teachers to do what?
What is the abbreviation for University of CA
What are the names given to the campuses on the east side of the land the university sits on?
What challenges does India Face?
When did economic liberalization start?
Where must the minister with a portfolio work?
When did India become a republic?
What dance includes both folk and classical moves?
How many high courts are used in Indias Judiciary?
What is the common name for the Giuseppe Meazza Stadium?
Milan is what religion?
Who did Federer lose to?
Who did John Snow give chloroform to?
What did warren say
Who is the target group that is especially impacted by fractures of the legs and pelvis bones?
What Grammy did the band win?
Meteora's album singles received what?
After success of the Meteora album what did Linkin Park start?
what album did linkin park put out in the year 2000?
When did the band record 30-50 songs?
What was the length of duration the band spent creating the album?
Who produced Linkin Park's 2007 album?
What do services follow the practice of?
Where did the Toda live traditionally?
How far does the kandura go?
How did the young girls dance?
What are the continents that celebrate World NGO day?
What has the aim of inspiring people to be more proactive in NGOs?
what is the aim of the NGOs?
What is the name of the day for NGOs across the world to share with each other?
What is the name of the holiday?
Was World NGO day recognized by the UN before 2016?
Across how many different continents did people mark World NGO Day?
What countires are a part of the Baltic Sea NGO?
Against what team did Khan top both his bowling and batting averages?
What country's cricket team scored 40 wickets against them?
What did Khan go on to do?
What was Khan's game?
How many wickets did Khan take?
On what date did he officially announce his decision to return to the team?
Where did Khan record his best Test Bowling?
What does the acronym MDT stand for?
Who was thought to be involved in ball tampering?
When did Khan admit an embarrasing  habit during Test matches?
How many Test matches did Khan have in his career?
What was his most amount of wickets?
What was his batting average?
How many wickets in Test cricket did he take?
Where was he bowling in 1974?
What college did he attend?
What did the river used to be called?
What is the romanized name of the Eastern costal province of China?
Where did Maneka Gandhi receive her education?
Whose father was Tarlochan Singh Anand?
What kind of country do you need to be in order to make an appeal for assistance through the MIC?
What does FEMA stand for?
what happen before the recovery phase?
Who mentored Lee while at St. Francis Xavier's College?
When did Lee accomplish earning his secondary school credentials?
Infinity War serves as the follow-up to which Marvel Cinematic Universe movies?
Where did the filming of Marvel's film occur?
What country did filming take place?
When was an announcement made regarding the film?
Which disease can cause herpes simplex?
What happens to intracranial pressure in cases of cryptococcal meningitis?
What type of cell is present in high amounts in the CSF when it is assumed the cause is due to parasites?
What is one thing that can happen to the brain to cause seizures?
Sepsis can be triggered in which stage?
Medical, demographic, socioeconomic, and climate conditions refer to what African belt?
What are the cases caused by mostly?
What year did the largest ever recorded epidemic happen?
How many people suffer annualy from meningitis out of one hundred thousand humans in the western countries?
what causes viral meningitis?
What is possible to alter once the gram strain becomes available?
How long does it take the CSF results to take?
What two factors do anatomical defects play a part in?
In cases with an increased chance on meningitis, what are the patients more likely to be infected by?
How probable is meningitis in the absence of the three symptoms?
What angle is used to determine Kernig's sign?
What are the two routes of bacterial meningitis?
What happens to the normal barrier at some point during bacterial meningitis?
what is the medical term for swelling. Body parts swell from injury or inflammation.
What percentage of newborns experience meningitis when they have a bloodstream infection due to group B streptococci?
What does cerebral vasculitis lead to?
What occasionally appears due to a bacteria when one has meningitis?
What can a rash and redness mean in the end?
What is one way Meningitis can be caught?
how does maningities occur?
how many strains does the vaccine have
What is one of the problems with the vaccine in countries where the disease is prevalent?
What kind of vaccine led to a drastic decrease in meningitis cases?
What is the membrane that is connected to two areas of the skull?
What is associated with the loss of immunity strength?
What percentage of meningitis survivors have disabilities afterwards?
How can you addresses viral meningitis that is not severe at the house?
What is one drug that may treat herpes?
Who are the major manufacturers of AS9000
What does ISO/TS 16949:2009 contain?
Which quality management system is equivalent to API Spec Q1 without the Monogram annex?
What was QS 9000 replaced with?
Which car manufacturers agreed on the QS 9000 interpretation?
Companies looking for certification before quality often experience what?
SQL has the name of who?
What genre was the movie August Rush?
Did Lyla know she was pregnant
It what ways does the foundation promote organized liberalism?
What locations does the Foundation have offices in?
Who was a leading German politician who followed protestant theologian?
What is one possible treatment for gallstones?
Where might someone feel discomfort during a gallstone attack?
what are the other constituents?
How many acres of land did the college get in the offer?
How many astronauts have come from Purdue?
What field should the members of Assembly be qualified in?
What UN organization handles major pandemics?
How does the spleen damage the cells?
Which types of people have blood cells that have been distorted from a donut shape into a spiky one?
What do humans normally have?
What type of schooling is used in Morocco
What is the earliest age children can start attending the kindergarten?
What percentage of the enrolled students go to private school?
At what age do children first attend five sessions of school ?
How many kindergarten/pre-school centers was there in 2007 serving over 25,000 children?
What did the ball do after a change was made to the hoops?
In the 50s the color of basketballs was changed in order to accomplish what?
What game was Michael Jordan famous for?
What nations make up the FIBA?
When does a player gain another free throw?
What was the physical education professor attempting to do with his class?
How far from the basket is the three-point arc?
How much does the ball weight?
What kind of rules did the women's basketball championship have?
What are flowers associated with?
What type of plant has significant status in the Hindu legends/mythology?
People want to be around flowers for what two reasons?
what are two unique things that most flowers have?
What is a term botanists use to refer to hermaphroditic plants?
How many main pollination methods do flowers have?
What traits are similar between the bees and the flowers?
What attracted animals?
What is a type of flowering plant that existed 125 million years ago?
Dandelions are known for always self-fertilizing because they have what?
Where do flowers develop?
What can complicate the results of all members of a species dying?
where did the family move to?
Who alerted the crew to the presence of hijackers?
why was she given the Ashoka Chakra Award?
What year did Bhanot die?
What is the name of the database?
What names can be found within the database?
What two emotions a blended that result in a feeling of contempt?
Why does the theory originally proposed by James have a two part name attached to it?
What kind of activity is needed to cause an emotion?
What year was the manuscript written?
Which revolution was admired by Hegel?
Who mediated for Hegel?
How does Hegel integrate psychology and history into his philosophy?
What is the middle name of Gottfried Leibniz?
Why did God create evolution?
In what month was the Sultan born?
What year did Ali control the notrth Sumatra?
What helped Deli to become independent in 1861?
Out of what Asian city does Mafia don Ajit Taaka work?
Who drove away on the chopper?
What type of crime was committed against Marsellus?
What did Butch forget to pack?
Critics have described it as what?
In which state was Warren Buffett born?
What kind of investment was paid out?
what was suggested to mothers?
Why did Dr Sanabria introduce this new method?
Who brought the teachings of Christ to Japan?
When did they receive their Bachelor of Arts?
when was the school of public health established?
When did Dawkins and Stamp divorce?
Which religious beliefs does Dawkins particularly criticize?
What happened to Dawkins after he was confirmed?
When was the RDFRS founded?
What is the approximate percentage range in which cellulite may occur in post-adolescent females?
What vehicle did Renwick and Bertelli test their overhead-cam four cylinder engine?
What was John Singer's profession?
When did the club first arise?
Who were the four international players signed?
Who was viewed as rivals of Spain Catalonia and Castile during the national competitions?
Which island nation was a primary filming spot for the sixth season of the show?
How amny episodes were in the seventh season?
Who adapted the series?
Who were important people?
Who won the League in the 1906-07 season?
What year were additions made by Selimoglu Abdulvahit?
Abdulvahit not only decorated inside but also made woodcarvings of what funeral structures?
Who was Mevlana's successor?
What is on of the three buildings that the fort once consisted of?
Lalbargh Fort is from what century?
The fort began being built in what year?
Primary open-angle glaucoma increases what in the eye?
What kind of procedures are being performed?
Overweight people should avoid what?
How can you avoid constipation and Diarrhea?
What is the highest number of days after which steriod-containing agents should not be used?
When do symptoms tend to go away?
What surgery did Brett go under?
At which stage do hemorrhoid cushions become a major health concern?
How can a doctor tell if you have hemorrhoids?
Which symptom around the anal area do most people incorrectly refer to?
How does does it take the pain to subside?
Hemorrhoids may cause people to feel what sentiment?
What is more uncommon than bleeding to cause anemia?
What happens to stool from internal hemorrhoids?
How many sexes experienced the incident?
What is the complication rate?
Where does the injection take place into?
What exactly is stapled hemorrhoidectomy?
what else was thought to increase the risk?
Referencing the literal Greek translation, what are hemorrhoids likely to discharge?
What is the name of the parent company of Kingfisher Airlines United?
Who owned Kingfisher Airlines when it was first established?
When was the Kingfisher Airline started?
How many years did reducciones flourish in Paraguay?
How much is spent on health
What two entities does the President head?
legislative power is divided into how many parts?
When was the settlement founded?
What was the public cost of education after the start of the new millenium?
Modern Russians like to play what sport?
where is the majority of population live?
What is one political party in Russsia?
how is the railway transport run in Russia?
Chronic alcoholics have a high rate of what?
How long do acute withdrawals last for?
What is an alcoholic drink called if it is consumed as soon as you wake up?
What systems of the brain does long term alcohol usage cause damage to?
What percentage of alcoholics suffer from psychiatric disturbances?
what is AUDIT?
What is one diagnosis of alcoholism?
how many times has what alcoholism definiton changed?
What does the AMA consider a drug?
Who is in risk of alcoholism
what is the average number of independent drinkers in the united kingdom as at 2001?
what percentage of world population suffers for alcoholism?
About how many students does Mahasarakham University have?
How long did Bates remain in Cambridge?
When did she earn her degree?
Where did Bates live as a child?
Who published "Everyday Sexism" in 2014?
What part of the light spectrum can be detected by sensitive instruments?
When was the next mission launched?
when was the mission approved
Japan wanted to get images of the solar corona in 1989, however failed during what even?
When was the telescope invented?
What is the name of the science that studies the age of the sun?
What long does it take for light to travel to the Sun's horizon?
Neutrinos are produced where?
For which planet the sun is vital energy source?
How much into the past was the sun shining seventy five percent the brightness it shines at today?
Symptoms for STI'S in women appear after how many days?
What may occasionally occur?
What is used to protect this species?
Who Identified Vaginailis?
What is distance of the star to the sun?
under what classification is Beta Andromadae
What is the range of the apparent visual magniturde of Beta Andromedae?
Grey granite was used in building in which city?
when were imporovements getting started?
What was built after the bubonic plague was done?
When did a major outbreak of the bubonic plague start?
What year did the city fall?
What year was Aberdeen Castle destroyed?
What is the other alternative way to go west on A944 besides Westhill?
What is A92 used for after A90 was built?
What happened to the Textile, shipbuilding and paper making industries in Aberdeen?
what activities could one do in aberdeen?
What country is AbuSulayman from?
What was the name of the studio they had taken over?
When did Tom Cruise file for divorce from Nicole Kidman?
What carries out the first part of the the oxidation?
What can change into nitric oxide?
What was Kaliningrads population in 2010?
How much of the Icelandic population is suggested to suffer from anxiety disorders?
Why did  Argentina captain in the 1990 world cup perform relatively poorly?
How old was Maradona on November 1, 1976?
What did the story of the Han dynasty deal with?
when did Basu become a member of Politburo
When was Basu born?
Where did the Trask and Hamilton families lay their roots?
Whose workshop did Dean act in while at UCLA?
What was the name of his dog?
How old was Dean when his mother died?
Where was the province located?
Where is the Ituri Rainforest located?
What was Ali's real name?
What area was he given the award for?
How old was he when he relocated to Mumbai?
What neighborhood is the Arab Israeli man from?
What is something that he invented?
What nationality is Christopher Nolan?
Who is the co-writer of most of Nolan's films?
What subject did Nolan's mother teach?
At what age did Nolan start making films?
In 1986, how many exabytes was the capacity of information through one-way networks?
What did Freire do as a profession?
What was the occupation of his wife?
What fate befell Freire for being a traitor?
Who was given the director position?
What is the range of the color of the mane of a black wildebeest?
what situations can make vice president president?
Parmly invented what?
When did floss become commercially available?
What are the effects of dermatophagia?
What can pulling or biting a blister cause?
when was Ana born?
Where was Kasparian raised?
What did Kasparian's great grandparents experience first hand in Armenia in 1915?
Who is the mother of Yagnik?
What was Elizabeth Hurley's mother's occupation?
When was she 16 years old?
After how many hours does a 3 hour blood glucose level test measure?
What is the amount of calories need to avoid peak sugar levels?
what levels are monitored?
How much does a womanwith diabetes have to weigh in order to be at higher risk for birth defects?
What kind of tests are needed if outside the normal limits?
What medical condition happens during the second part of pregnancy?
How can a person manage their glucose levels?
What happened to the people that wanted to translate or publish the book?
What was the name of the host of Top Chef?
When did the marriage end?
In what civilizations were disruptions and migrations caused
What type of treatment is needed to save a tooth if it is diseased or broken?
When did Guevara marry Aleida?
How many years did it take Guevara to depose the Batista's regime in Cuba?
A quintessential icon of various leftist movements, Guevara wrote a manual on what type of warfare?
who met with 2 men to overthrow a cuban dictator?
What crisis took place in 1962?
Who's tactics did Guevara learn?
When did the Qingming festival become a public holiday in mainland China?
How do the Stags gain acceptance from females during mating season?
Where is the Mongolian sub species found?
In which period did the Ustiurt live?
What is the lower range of temperatures in Fahrenheit?
Where is the capital located?
How high is Guiyang in relation to the sea?
In what province is Guiyang located?
Bukava is the capital of what country?
Who supported princess Elizabeth's appointment to Constable of Caernarfon Castle?
Who was the successor to the highest position following the King's death?
How many years were they requested to wait by the Queen?
Who was Edward married to?
On what date was the first royal telephone call made across the Atlantic Ocean?
What kind of bullets were fired at Queen?
Elizabeth II served in what capacity during the second world war?
who is her sibling
What is the name of the book chronicling the childhood of Elizabeth and Margaret Crawford?
How many people in Australia saw the queen in 1953?
What did she have the stomach of?
What year did they travel to Great Briton?
What efforts by Blair were admired by the Queen?
Where did they live for five years after living at Royal Lodge?
where was the queen when diana died?
what are extra styles in the realms?
In the 60s and 70s, how many countries became independent from Britain?
When did Africa see decolonisation?
What year was Prince Charles born?
What did Crawford say?
What are the languages in Comoros?
What religion does most immigrants identify with?
What percent of the population does Sunni Islam represent?
How large was the police force?
What word does Comoros come from?
What types of mythical creatures does Beowulf battle?
Beowulf found that it's realm was being terrorized by what?
Who does Beowulf slay before his death/
What instrument is used for arthroscopic surgery?
what are objectives?
What limits the risk with external parties?
What can be measured to assess project goals?
What year was Williams born?
What age range is being tested here?
What enzyme is used in the RT-PCR test?
what was the rate of HIV being transfusion-acqiured  IN 2001 in the US?
What are two names for the HIV test?
What does antigen testing do?
Who was executed by the Heresy acts on February 1515?
What was the proclamation that Mary issued after her accession?
Who was the father of Mary?
When was the jogger's club started?
What is the main aim of jogging?
what is jogging?
How do serious runners use jogging?
Libyas 11th time participating in the Olympics occurred in what year?
What type of hormone was found in dairy products?
What can twins turn into in certain situations?
What is the complication named in which a twin disintegrates in utero?
What kind of method is utilized?
Fibrocystic disease can result in the growth of what inside the breasts?
What kinds of radiographic images are taken in a mammogram?
How did Heard and Johnny Depp meet?
Who cancelled the series?
What does Nissin Food Products make?
Sorensen servered as the head of what during the years 1901 to 1938?
Where did he attend college?
When was Stowe born?
how many children did the Stowes have?
How many copies did the book sell in less than a year?
What is the signal in digital watermarking?
What can carry watermarks?
When did Ronaldinho win the FIF Pro World Player?
In what year did Ronaldinho sign a contract?
When was Ronaldinho's son born?
How many out of 23 goal did Ronaldinho score in a game against local team?
How big is the brewing industry?
What is the average abv of a pale lager?
What are examples of common ingredients in early European beers?
What is one of the oldest and most widely consumed alcoholic drinks in the world?
What does malting grain do to starches with regard to sugars?
While it may not be the largest, what is the Port of Baton Rouge capable of doing?
How is the symbol designed?
What type of system is used to provide organization for these measurements of the properties of materials?
What was the sex of the baby Rai gave birth to?
Zaghloul resigned after feeling that the British demands were what?
When did Khan die?
What type of success did Kipling have with his writing in the early 1930s?
What was the first name of Hardy's wife?
What is generally steeper than a hill?
Which forces cause the earth's surface to rise?
What does Erosion cause?
In feet what is the elevation?
What is the phenomenon that involves uplift called?
What volcano is in Japan?
When did Thomas return to Paris?
What year was Thomas of Aquino born?
Aims focuses more on single individuals while HRS focuses more on what?
what does HRS stand for?
What was the name of the company that changed their name to Coopers & Lybrand in 1992?
ERP systems has to limit what due to a large group of company audits?
Who did they tap to make Monday's new image?
What does MCS stand for?
What was behind the big growth of Price Waterhouse starting with year 1990?
Coopers & Lybrand merged with Price waterhouse, both of which had an established history going back to when?
PwC has operations where besides Europe?
How much is the International tax planning?
How many percentage of the votes did the party win?
How many votes did the Centre Party receive?
Which university did she graduate from?
What happened in 1996?
What year was it released?
What was Stallman's job in 1983?
What has Stallman campaigned against?
Where did Stallman spend his time as a volunteer?
What it Emacs?
Where did Morse attend lectures on electricity?
After his death,where was he interred
Morse was influenced from art of what era?
What is the name of the young artist's masterpiece?
How long was the 1843 Congress approved telegraph line that ran between Washington D.C. and Baltimore?
In what city was Sarah Elizabeth Griswold married?
How long is the break during a standard match?
When was the first set of rules for handball written?
which war broke out in 1852?
How is The Konbaung dynasty written in Burmese?
What citizenship does he have naturally?
In 1985, the census total was how much?
What was the population of South Korea in 1955?
What was the population in South korea according to Worldometers first census?
What spoken thing is viewed as an important element?
what sis Holmes and bell have in common?
What is known as a canon?
What does each exhibit contain?
What percentage is the solutions used?
What year was Escobar elected into Parliament?
How old was Escobars wife when they married?
What should countries take into consideration while preparing their own lists?
What substances are contained within the lists that these countries published?
What 3-letter acronym is used to refer to the entity which provides a definition for a term in this sentence?
Where did Niggli get his doctorate?
What are the types of cystoscopy?
When did Ingham die?
Is there any evidence for the reflexology to be effective in any medical condition?
How were the canals in this network created?
How is salt water stopped from tainting the fresh water near Thanneermukkom?
What city did she often visit her family in?
When did Einstein emigrate to the US?
Better working conditions are a goal of which movement?
How many runs did he score in his career?
What was Sir Isaac Vivians profession?
What is the name of Yash Johar's son?
What is the meaning of the name of the province?
What was the growth of the continent of Africa in 2011?
How often is risk analysis updated ?
what is Hermann Minkowski known for?
How many states in Mexico ?
What type of altitudes did the MiG-25 have difficulties flying at?
Which system recently went into substantial design?
What is the ultimate speed that the MiG-25 could hit, ignoring safety concerns?
Who created pure prisms with glass
When did Sha Rukh Khan's production company release it's first film?
What country is an exception to the upper class stereotype of rugby?
Along with World Rugby what other group oversees the professional rugby sport?
How many different players are the teams composed of?
What languages do data flow machines use?
What kind of orbits do Jupiter's moons have?
What's an approximate range for the wavelength?
What kind of motion does Jupiter perform?
Who's hypothesis had Cassini rejected prior?
Name the three portions of Jupiter's ring system.
Which planet of our solar system is mentioned in this sentence?
What kind of spacecraft have visited Jupiter?
The largest planetary atmosphere in our solar system belongs to which surfaceless palnet?
Jupiter has what type of regions for clouds of different latitudes?
What is the result of the out atmosphere's orientation as bands?
What is the consequence of the plasma's co-rotation with the planet?
What shaped surface does energy transmit out along?
What is the lowest MHz associated with the signature generated by the electrons?
What can be found in the atmosphere?
What is the most notable space probe?
How many moons cause the Laplance resonance?
What century was Jupiter first observed?
What planet's atmosphere produces thermal radiation?
What is his native language?
What is Aliyev's position in the National Olympic Committee?
Separation of bangladesh is marked by what war?
How many pairs of triangular shaped walls is the architecture composed of?
What is Rakhi Sawant the host of?
What is the profession of Rakhi's sibling, Rakesh?
Is there a little, moderate, or extensive evidence for the movement of continents on tectonic plates?
What let researchers know that the theory of continental drift could be true?
Who thought the Polfluct hypothesis was inaccurate?
What is the name of the test platform?
where did the first X-40 test took place?
What percentage of cases run in Family with headaches?
what is thought to play a part in headaches?
How did the word migraine come to be?
What light conditions do people with basilar migraine prefer?
What type of forms can dihydroergotamine be prescribed as?
Increased risk of death by stroke or heart disease is not associated with what medical condition?
what is the function of the basilar artery?
What are the effects of migraines?
Which costs are greater in the United States?
How long does a migraine have to last to be considered migrainosus?
When do temporal arteritis occur?
What are the symptoms of retinal migraine?
How often can gene disorders cause migraine?
Who are most likely to have migraines?
What did the evidence indicate?
What causes migraines?
What used to be the belief behind migraines?
What type of symptom arises from the significant use of medications?
When should you use medication for maximum effect?
What year was ergotamine isolated from fungus ergot?
What was the cause of death of many who underwent the process known as trepenation?
What percentage of people suffer from migraines throughout the world?
What age range of people experience migraines most frequently?
What kind of juice does not help prevent and treat UTIs in people with injuries to their spinal cord?
How many women a year have a UTI?
What gender role has negative culture but can still improve from antibiotic treatment?
How can complicated cases be confirmed?
What effects do urinary tract infections have on Americans?
What might be the only symptom of UTI in children?
Excluding post-menopausal women, what causes the highest percent of bladder infections?
What is another name for bladder infection?
What is needed to be done to those who exhibit more severe symptoms?
What is Phenazopyridine typically prescribed for?
How many days do children take antibiotics for UTIs?
What do some countries deem equal to TMP/SMX?
By how much does urinary catheterization increase the risk for urinary tract infections?
What percent of chemical weapons did Russia destroy?
Who did Travis run into again and hired?
Did the robber survive the convenience store robbery?
How old was Foster at the time of the shoot-out?
Who attempted to assassinate President Reagan?
What profession does Travis pick up?
They were both second-generation what?
What period saw sea levels continue to rise?
What year was Toksvig born?
what school did the girl attend?
What mountain range can the red deer be found in?
What series do these vignettes cover?
Between what months did the growing season last?
Who was defeated in 2055?
What is another term for Hyksos?
What did the Egyptians believe the gods needed to be appeased?
what was his new name?
Who were the pharoes after Akhenaten?
What was one thing the Romans imported from Egypt?
In what region were the first known gold mine maps were found?
What was mined in Wadi Sikait?
what are the minerals used for?
What were the notable sources for the Wadi Hammamat?
where were the Iron deposits found?
Who directly owned agricultural produce?
Were doctors higher in social class than nobility in ancient Egypt?
What were they princes of?
When did war break out between them?
How is Hieratic text read?
What did they find on the Rosetta stone?
How many priests could read hieroglyphs in the fourth century?
What things can hieroglyphs be used to represent?
What type of cursive writing did scribes use?
Where did Rome receive grains from?
What did the revolts make the situation?
what was the purpose of the open roof?
Where did they bathe in?
How were the walls in the homes decorated?
what is a sistrum?
which language is second ancient known language in history?
Which methods were replaced?
What can still be found in current day Egyptian Arabic?
Egyptians were first observed treating animals with respect by keeping them where?
What people held beliefs about plants and animals being part of a whole?
What other livestock besides goats, cattle and pigs did the ancient Egyptians keep?
Where did the more exotic pets come from?
What type of nation was Egypt during the Greco-Roman period?
What evidence was there that pointed to the fact they traded with the Palestineans?
What were the main exports of Egypt that brought in luxury imports and raw materials?
What are the activities enjoyed by wealthy Egyptians in the 13th Dynasty?
What types of activities were enjoyed by young people?
Who were considered equal under the law?
What legally binding documents are mentioned that can protect couples?
What type of homes did peasants live in?
What was the title given to the person who had complete control?
Who administered nomes?
What was the 140 year famine called?
Where were writings in Egypt most commonly found after first appearing?
Which interferon is listed first?
Which symptoms respond the best to the medication?
What is the name of protection effect that ends with number four?
Which gender does MS typically target?
What disease is discussed in the article?
What are other risk factors of certain Vaccinations?
What may cause the blood-brain barrier to be breached, trapping T cells inside the brain?
What effects do the treatments have?
who inherited both requirements?
What is the repair process called?
How many cases were considered to be obtained abroad?
what causes rabies?
what causes rabis in the US?
Which is higher in number, the number of sports that were contested, or the number of countries which the athletes came from?
Which is more prevalent in mustard oil, erucic acid or oleic acid?
Which types of mustard can it be produced from?
From who does the President need support from to effectively govern policy?
What is the name of Russia's equivalent of GPS?
what year did aivazovsky died?
What are the Asian Games sometimes also called?
Where will the next games be hosted?
When did the Da Vinci code come out?
What does AFP stand for?
How long do AFP levels rise?
What writing system are the non-kana Japanese characters originally derived from?
Hiragana evolved from which writing system?
What is the name of the writing style in which the hiragana and katakana writing styles are derived from?
What is one part of the mixture used in the creation of Japanese surnames?
What is expected of Japanese school children?
What were introduced in 1981?
How many characters does the kyoiku kanji have?
What do some of the experts claim about the Quran?
How was the Quran transmitted before printing was widely adopted?
How likely is it that the parchment was what tests showed?
How long did the Muslim prophet receive revelations?
How many chapters are in the Quran?
Who were the companions of Muhammad?
What religious text is mentioned in this sentence?
Who was the first person to translate the Quran?
What month is brought up?
When did he finally make his return?
When was Sahni born?
Did the company offer encouragement, or did they instead withdraw support?
Who are those that criticized Keys?
How many NAACP awards did Alicia Keys win in 2006?
Who praised Keys for her role?
Where did she go for 3 weeks?
Keys third album was the second biggest sales week of what year?
What year did Keys reach the top of the charts?
Who is the singer of U2?
Who founded KrucialKeys Enterprises?
What was detailed in Key's book released in 2004?
How many different remixes and unplugged versions were produced the following year?
Which groups of people care about the way a corporation is doing, in terms of money?
What are customers worried about?
Which model does Japan and Europe follow for corporate governance?
What major event in US history caused prominent legal scholars to reconsider the changing role of modern corporations in society?
Which groups are able to wield additional influence in corporate governance?
Who was Boutros Boutros-Ghali's father?
Where was he born?
What year did Ghali submit An Agenda for Peace?
What is one way a page can receive a high rank?
What is expressed between the values of 0 and 1 in this instance?
What University does the patent for pagerank come from?
Which model does the formula utilize?
His head and torso are average size, but what is shorter than average?
What genre of movie did this person's debut film belong to?
What was the profession of Peter Dinklages father?
how is BMI calculated ?
After having its walls repaired by the Christians, what city's walls were razed in 1244 by Sultan al-Muazzam?
Old City was proposed to be what in 1980?
What was created in place of the destroyed Western Wall?
When was Indian independance movement?
What happens to lips as a result of not having hair or sweat glands?
What protects the skin?
What can be found in Rampur's Raza Library?
What was Sweden's position in WW2?
How high above sea level is the highest point?
What is one country of origin that makes up foreign inhabitants of Sweden?
What are the three branches of the Armed Forces?
Health care in sweden is gets most of its money from where?
What did the most recent election procure?
Who was assassinated in 1986 from Sweden?
In what role has Sweden been more active since becoming part of the EU?
Who are most well-known sculptors from Sweden?
What country after world war II did okay economic wise?
What resources can be found in Sweden?
What type of economy is Sweden?
Who is the ninth largest producer/exporter of weapons in the world?
What is the third-biggest city?
Who composed the kritis?
What does the term rupya mean?
In what country did Annan pass away?
In what modern day country was Kofi Annan born?
When was Annan appointed to be part of an envoy to Syria?
What was the name of the law firm in which the two met?
What kind of reviews did her keynote address receive?
What is unique about the many ethnic groups from Gambia?
What treaty was signed after the attempted coup?
How many kilometers wide is the Gambia?
Before Gambia was made a part of the British empire, what trade was a part of its historic roots?
How long ago did the craters form?
What is Wilkes Land?
When did Tagore renounce his knighthood?
What is the oxidation is trying to remove?
Where are the corporate research labs for the company 3M located?
In how many different countries does the company have plants in?
What is a chapter called in the Qur'an?
What is it's formula?
What happened when national are tied on the Olympic table?
What is one type of medal given at the Olympics?
In what month of the year did Ghalib die?
Who does Adam kidnap?
Who owns the plantation?
What happened to Abraham Lincoln's father as punishment for his son's interference between a slave and his owner?
What time frame is being discussed?
Who fed the country?
What did Harriet move through the Underground Railroad?
Wen did this Josh Lucas film begin filming?
What did the union soldier destroy?
What competition was he named in the all star team?
What type of match did he score his first goal in?
Can you give me an example of a brachycephalic dog breed?
Who colonized Tunisia in the late 1800s?
how old is the jews history in tunisia
when did Tunisia achieve its independence?
What is a prominent feature of the Chinese Luncheon Room?
What year was the Blore construction of the east wing?
Who lives at Buckingham Palace?
where were court functions allowed to be carried out when queen elizabeth returned to london?
What was the palace said to be?
For what reason was coverage of a bombing in a British Royal Palace played at cinemas all over the UK during World War II?
What kind of coverage of bombings was severe restricted?
What was the new principle facade designed to do?
Who is the queen?
What are the measurements of the palace in Delhi Durbar?
In what room did knights receive their title?
What kind of band was playing during the ceremony?
What is the domed canopy made from?
Who designed the enlargement of the Queen's House (formerly known as Buckingham House) in the 19th century?
Where have royal christenings often taken place since WW2?
How many of the Queen's children were baptized in the Music Room?
Where do more minor ceremonies take place?
During which occasions are State banquets prepared?
What did the reflection of all of the crystal chandeliers and sconces generate?
What causes the biggest and most official reception ?
What is the center of the state rooms?
How many rooms does the palace have?
What is common to find in Libya?
What are the coordinated of Libya?
What year was Libya renamed?
What year was Fergie in Grindhouse?
How many reef islands are inside of Tuvalu?
What country is most susceptible to Kawasaki disease?
What are the causes of gastroschisis?
Who gave up love for their family?
What are the roles of Muslims across India?
Which project bought together Microsoft, HP and Intel?
When did they become ratified?
When the firms were able to meet eye to eye, were the patents made royalty-free or not?
When was the first version of NET 10 released?
in what year Microsoft developed .Net framework?
What was often a request of Keane?
What sport did this athlete participate in?
What general area of medicine is Pistor associated with founding?
What year did Netflix start?
What chemical compounds can be found in Triphala?
What is the English translation for the word Triphala?
Who had a record of theirs broken in May 2004?
How long was the football player not allowed to play?
How was Kareenas acting talent described?
Where can Auks be found?
What does Ratchaburi mean?
when was wide-scale production initiated?
What is the smallest resolution imagery can be?
How old was in years when he got the job?
When was Rafiq Fareed born?
What agreement does the Croatia Airlines have?
Which company's planes arrived in 2000?
when were they united?
What year was the Treaty of Petrópolis signed over?
What was the name of the transportation system mentioned?
How long does it take to lose consciousness at the beginning of clinical death?
What does CPR stand for?
What was the first year listed for the Premier League?
Before Rosler became the CEO of a charity organization, what did he do?
When did Rosler join the Young Liberals?
After working as a compbat medic, Rosler moved on to study where?
What were the historical documents called?
The fourth largest planet Neptune is where?
Where was resistance met in naming the planet after the discoverer?
What name was reintroduced?
When did Sir George Airy supply the extra data?
How long does Neptune finishes a complete trip around the sun?
What political situation brought about the formation of a two party system in England?
What did many British people distrust?
James' remaining supporters were known as what?
Whose daughter became queen?
Who sided with King James in March of 1689
What was his nickname in Ireland?
When did James land?
What is the original name of Leo?
What makes supply-chain management different from demand-chain management?
What is the difference between Demand-chain management and supply chain management?
Who were the two major literary figures in 20th-century Switzerland?
What gathering system watches satellite communications?
What year did the eminent countries of Europe certify Switzerland as an impartial entity?
Where was motorsport banned after 1955?
what is the name of the story that has an orphan girl?
What activities are well-liked in Switzerland?
At what rate was the 1980 proposal of relgious separation between church and state rejected?
What is the name of a company in Switzerland that generates a large revenue?
Which economic forum in Switzerland not a part of?
What average age range are male conscripts in the Swiss Armed Forces?
Where is Swiss wine generally produced?
How long did Hepburn and Holden stay married?
How old was Hepburn when she died?
What was the cause of a halt in food being sent from agencies?
Where is section Acuminatus?
What area of Australia?
What did the Government Promote?
How many Imigrants have gotten citizenship since modification of Belgian nationality law?
How many languages are there?
How is the Belgian Senate elected?
What group consists of about 59% of Belgium's population?
What year did the famine start?
what industry was mainly impacted by the recession of 1973 and 1979?
Who developed Bakelite?
Which schools are considered bilingual?
Where is the cultural life of Belgium focused?
In which country do folkloric events with a religious/mythological background occur more often than normal?
how many varieties  of beer does belgium produce?
How often do these events occur?
What kind of problems does Belgium continue to face?
Why did the Dutch king value possession of the Congo?
What is Thielemans' first name?
Which issues can the Constitutional Court of Belgium deal with?
Georgia's economic failure was exacerbated due to problems in which two areas?
Which entities granted Georgia credit in 1995?
What area of Eurasia is Georgia located?
What is located to the southeast of Georgia?
What has been observed in the economy of Georgia since the early 21st century?
What city has 790k people?
What are the titles of two video games with Shonen Jump characters?
Who wrote Death Note?
Kaneko directed which film?
What was the causing factor for the differentiating public opinion in Britain?
Which treaty did Canada refuse to agree to in 1923?
In what type of free association did the former British colonies join the Commonwealth after declaring independence?
What was the important naval base?
What is the state of affairs called that Britain embraced?
How many British territories were self-governing in 2002?
Who convinced President Roosevelt to provide military aid in 1941?
What year was the Atlantic Charter signed?
How many colonies were in the united states?
What did Britain do as a result of Parliamentary authority rejection in 1775?
What nationality were the communists, primarily?
Who did the anti-Japanese resistance movements turn their attention to after the surrender of the Japanese during World War 2?
When did Brunei gain independence?
What year did England and Scotland merge?
How did Canada sever its connection to Britain?
Which countries did Britain send troops to after the Suez Crisis?
Who did Eden make mad?
Where did Macmillan give the speech?
When was the Treaty signed?
In what year did Britain take control of Western Australia?
How many people migrated from the British Isles?
Who did the British take control of after The Ottoman Empire handed over control in 1919?
What decades did Rhodes annexed territories?
who fought for the canal at first?
When did the commissions have effect?
How long did it take to suppress the rebellion?
Britain gained control of what region after returning other various regions?
What were seperate kingdom's upon being laid?
What was the name of the group that regarded themselves as too separated from the government in Halifax?
When was the third bill passed?
What will happen if the bill is passed?
Which colony was the first to get a proper government?
Who led the Indian National congress?
Who was the last viceroy of the state?
What triumphed over anti-imperialism?
Who identified Janus on December 15, 1966?
What story is an example of the horrible things family can do to each other?
Why was shareyourworld.com shut down?
In what state did Deborah Wasserman Schultz serve as a US Representative?
Which candidate was favored by some of the DNC?
who acquired the company?
In 1998 an award was given to Jillian Marsh for what work?
What are slowly moving masses of ice caused by the accumulation and compaction of snow?
What is the highest possible GCS level?
What year was the scale published?
Stu gets married in what country?
Which movie did Phillips direct?
Who came to power after Thutmose II?
What is the 1860 work produced by Makovsky?
What type of painter was Konstantin Makovsky's father?
Where did Hor-Aha frequent to do religious activities?
What shape were the chambers of the tomb of Hor-Aha?
What year did Chehad prevented the army from interfering in the uprising?
When did Fouad Chehab die?
Which city joined Prussia's territory in 1937?
Who created such a centralized state?
who retaliated for a surprise invasion?
Where was the missile detonated?
Who is affected most often by Poland syndrome?
Who promised Ellie?
Which Emperor announced the surrender of Japan in World War 2?
Which emperor's intervention ended the war?
Which President paid a call on Katniss in District 12?
Who provided the screenplay for The Hunger Games: Catching Fire?
When did Olsson lose her mother
Which spacecraft took pictures of Janus?
What happened concurrent with the designation of Epimetheus?
In 1890 Mendeleev did what?
What information did the Afghan news fail to give about Taraki's death?
Where did Amin visit for the second time?
When was Amin born?
What is one of the most important schemes that helps governments, military and settlement's economies?
What happened in Africa after World War II?
Which event halted its progress?
What did the damaged dedication tablet have?
Why wasn't Beckerath's tomb finished?
Who was FIFA president in 2007?
How many points did Argentina score when defeated by Germany?
Which countries were the last two contenders to host the 2011 Women's World Cup?
Who offered support after France withdrew?
What sporting competition is discussed in this sentence?
Where was the group draw meant to begin?
How many appearances did Gede make for Fortuna Koln?
When did Nainggolan join Inter Milan?
What group formed a monarchy in northwest Iberia?
What were Roman temples converted to?
Where do the lower class descriptions originate?
Where did the Abbasids move the capital to?
What did Petrarch call pre-Christian times?
What is another term for media saecula?
at what tinme did the civil war between the emprors became more common?
What type of weather caused the crops to fail during the Great Famine?
What are the names of the courts the Chief Justice is in charge of?
Which country protects Nauru?
What are two complications the Nauru diet can cause?
Who took over Nauru during World War II?
Where is the Nauru House located?
What is the most common religion on this island?
The idea that Australia would be destroyed if the UK was defeated was accepted by which countries public?
Who commanded the 8th Division in Malaya?
how many destroyers remained and returned to the Indian Ocean?
When did the large-scale operations cease?
How many men did the Second Australian Imperial Force originally start out with?
What was the nationality of the ships which Sydney fought against on July 19th?
What is the name of the person that killed Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.?
What city did Ray planned a return trip to?
In what direction from Pontianak is the delta located?
What are the major crops grown in Kazakhstan?
What is the most important agricultural commodity that isn't grown in the ground?
What phases are there of education?
How long is the border with Russia?
What types of resources does Kazakhstan have a large reserve of at hand?
What record does Kazakhstan hold?
what is the size of Kazakhstan?
How many meter above sea level is Mount USborne?
Who were Monstserrai Marti' parents?
How many children do Cabelle Martini have?
What court sentenced Caballe for fraud in December 2015?
What song did Bieber sing in an early 2007 Stratford singing competition?
How many layers do monotreme eggs have before they are layed?
What type of substance covers monotreme eggs during incubation?
What is the word to describe maintaining a consistent body temp?
What do Monotremes lack?
What type of Jaw joint does the earliest amniotes had?
what are mammal jaw joints made of?
What percent of terrestrial vertebrate species were killed in the devastating mass extinction at the end of the Permian?
Where are the olfactory lobes located?
What does AEX stand for?
which contry has no issues with public finance or job growth?
Who created the private kingdoms?
What country has a large amount of financial freedom?
who is the well -known graphics artist
How was Dutch foreign policy previously characterized?
What does Sheeran's old brothere do?
What year was Sheeran born?
What is Somalis capital
How much is the mass of a muon?
Which country assisted with the advancement of golf?
How many UNESCO World Heritage sites in the United Kingdom are in England?
Over what time period was English folkore created?
What test do they take after they're done with classes?
Which border do the motorways in England run into?
in which year did the industrial revolution begin in England?
What painting sold for a record amount?
When was this particular style popular?
When did the Romans arrive?
England was first spelled "Englaland" in what book?
During what time period did the Angles migrate to Great Britain?
The Nelore have a natural resistance to what?
What musical was Maurice the lead actor in?
What style of music did the band shift towards after receiving advice from Mardin and Stigwood
Who suggested they move to Florida?
Where did the Rattlesnakes move to after Australia?
What were Barry Gibb's four number-one hit songs that led to his record-breaking streak?
What did each of the members have a chance to do when making the album?
What year did Barry perform the first solo tour?
What was the album called that was to commemorate Saturday Night Fever?
Who was the younger brother of the Bee Gees'?
Who used to play the keyboard?
Who suggested a move to White, only to later understand that it is fallacious?
what year was maitre de appointed?
What are major landmarks of Barbados?
What type of Mythology is Callisto derived from?
How thick can water and ice theoretically be on Callisto?
Who lead the spacecraft heading to Europa?
What is the longest wavelength of the water ice absorption band?
What form of technology has become widely used for financial and cryptocurrency transactions?
have many different languages was the novel translated to?
What did emperor Yongle do after his ascenstion?
Brunei's empire was in what part of West Kamimantan?
When did Brunei gain independence?
how many war ships does Boni have?
Is there any evidence of the Bruneian Empire?
Which title is more common among the Counsellors listed, Duke or Prince?
what was the first country to break tradition of monarchy in 1649 to 1660?
A lion is to Scotland as a stringed agent is to?
What types of duties do these royal individuals engage in?
Which two other parties must the Monarch accept decisions from?
What precedes the parliamentary sessions?
Which group meets at the Palace?
What is the name of Philip II Philoromaeus father?
In which city is the source of the Bosnia's longest river?
When was Nixon elected?
Who was the peace agreement with between the United States that did not work out?
How did Henry Kissinger sum up his administrations thoughts about the overall command of CINCIPAC?
The Khmer Rouge's strategy involved cutting what?
In an effort to thwart communication, what forces divisions ultimately became unable to offer one another military support?
How many recruits did Cambodia receive?
How many Vietnamese were killed during the April 15 mass murder?
Who was on Nol's deputy?
What were the two positions Lon Nol ultimately did not give up despite losing chief of state?
Whose job was to be the minister of the interior?
Whose administration was the prince trying to place criticism on?
The US government helped to overthrow who?
What did the new government emphasize?
What year the did the insurgency occur?
What lands were the followers taken to?
What number album was Toxic produced on?
Who is poisoned?
What gave rise to the Cortes system?
What was the first name of the man who adopted the woman who was writing sermons at age six?
Where did Lancashire decide to read English?
when did her coronation take place?
What area expanded in the Victorian era?
How was Victoria adorned for her funeral?
Who did Victoria write to?
Who wanted people to hold off on festivities?
What lessons did Duchess Victoria study with private tutors?
What royal residence is set in Kensington Gardens, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in London?
Who predominantly ran the household?
What is the formula of the inorganic compound ammonium perchlorate?
What was the first plane to fly into Candler field?
What helped the sports industry in Barcelona?
Who attempted to force a military coup?
Where is Spain primarily located?
How much did the turbines generate in 2010?
What side did General Francisco Franco fight on?
How many passengers passed through Madrid airport in 2011?
how many public airports are there in spain?
Spain has been dominated by what soccer teams
Since what century has football dominated Spain?
When did Nietzche complete school?
Which book did Nietzsche read?
What was Nietzsche feeling that was talked about openly?
What was Nietzsche's sister's name?
When did Nietzsche run mad?
What two relationships besides Wagner and Schopenhauer with Nietzsche cooled with his more positive philosophy?
What has plagued him since his childhood?
Where did Kirk graduate from?
Who beat Kirk in his Senate run?
What part of the shark makes the most money for the fishing vessels?
How many sharks are estimated to be harvest for fins annually?
Where was Milnor born?
What is the name of the planet -like moon that is larger than Earth s moon
What is it called when uplift is generated in the atmosphere around Titan?
What is considered the surface temperature of Titan?
What state in the USA is native to Manchineel?
What type of tree is the considered to be one of the most dangerous?
How many casualties were there when all the four offenses failed?
Between what years were the eleven battles fought?
Why was the Isonzo and Trentino a poor place for offensive combat tactics?
When did the vote take place?
What acronym is the Caribbean Community known as?
What does the national assembly of St.kitts and Nevis contain?
the film event premier attended by Director peter Berg, actora taylor kitch happened on?
What did the explorers map out?
What was the population of Minnesota by 1900?
When was St. Paul settled by an army?
What is the average annual precipitation range in Minnesota?
What single word describes how large or wide these forests are?
Which state is geologically quiet today and may only have infrequent minor earthquakes?
How many years ago did the Wisconsin glaciation leave?
Where is the Canadian Shield located?
What does Minnesota continue to do?
What are the initials of Minnesota's principal airport?
How much the state is forested?
Modernization of feeding and maintaining animals in addition to specialization of planting were helped by who during the Green Revolution?
What century did Industrial development cause people to move from rural to city locations?
What were the Indian tribes that  had treaties with European settlers?
How much did minnesota flour cost relative to clear flour.
When was Edward born?
How much needs to be added to AD to convert Julian calendar?
What was the motivation of the human era?
In what year did Chernenko acquire a diploma?
In what city did Chernenko follow Brezhnev?
Who led the soviets, eventually?
How many volumes of Applications d'analyse et de geometrie were published?
What did he write?
What kind of monastery was built?
when was Alfred kleiner born?
Alfred Kleiner was known to focus his research on what?
In percent how faster did apps launch?
What is the operating system of the apple mobile devices?
When was the first volume of the history of the decline and fall of Roman empire published?
Blogger has the capability to migrate with what servers?
How many kilograms does the Sputnik 1 weigh?
When it was being broadcast how many individuals viewed the landing of the Apollo 11?
When did NASAs' funding decrease dramatically?
When did Carrel die?
In how many Latin American Countries did Deezer announce availability?
What year did Deezer want to expand internationally?
What would happen to an individual who suffered from insufficient levels of vitamin D?
What was Ptolemy's wife's name?
How many inhabited islands are there?
What is another name for Republic of China?
What was the Republic of Kiribati previously known as?
When was the treaty ratified?
What is the main languague spoken by Micronesians?
What is the composition of the judicial branch?
Is this institution public or private?
How many faculty are there?
Who is Icanovic lose to?
What did Ivanovic have to do to avoid the strikes when NATO bombed Yugoslavia?
What number child was Graf?
Where did Graf arrive after leaving Europe in 1938?
In which year did Graf come closed to being court-martialed for insubordinate?
What year did he publish his first piece?
What happened to Graf after the munition strike?
When was Google Photos shared with the public?
Google photos can be used to share photos, but it is also a what?
Who requested the Longwood House?
What was the name of the big house Napoleon Bonaparte last live in?
When did Sundback graduate from school in Bingen am Rhein?
How many offspring do these birds produce at once?
What has the group been allied with traditionally?
How old was Palisa when he became director in Pula?
Ceratosaurus had two metacarpals that were considered short, which were they?
Which brother was the youngest?
Prior to leading the CDU/CSU what did Kohl do?
How long did Adeodatus serve as a priest before he became Pope?
What variable determines radiation's apparent mass?
what is the Maxwell's theory?
What is electromagnetic mass interpreted as?
Heaviside. and George continued the work with who?
What year did Einstein publish his views on mass conservation?
Clock B is what compared to Clock A?
where does the light signal  bounce?
How many mirrors did the clocks consist of?
How is the situation B like?
What was the argument over?
What are thought to be impossible?
What else did Minkowski introduce?
Despite being published approximately seven months later, on what date was the Palermo paper received?
What became unnecessary?
Daniel Frost Comstock was able to simplify what?
What measurement is discussed in this sentence?
When was The Time Machine released?
What did Pauli and Miller say about the models?
What did Vladimir use the example for purpose?
Who presented Maxwell's electrodynamics in the late 19th century?
What theory says there is no force needed?
In what year was the syndrome first described?
What happened to the plans with Romania?
What kind of bear is the Kodiak bear?
who is Hans Emil?
What two Arsenal players were depicted as Dixon and Winterborn inspiration in Plunkett & Macleane?
How long did Arsenal play at Invicta Ground?
What colour shirts were Arsenal's away colours?
When was Arsenal founded?
what city is the stadium in?
How much money had the trust raised by 2006?
What part of the world is Cape Fligely located in?
When did the qualifying process begin?
What state is Ngaraard adjacent to?
What was the first name of Ngaraard?
Which type of LED has an organic layer situated between two electrodes?
What makes the organic compound in the film emit light?
What is currently more expensive to make than TFT LCD?
what age is the specimen
What serves as an evidence of ability to withstand heavy loads by Tynnosaurus rex?
What does the word rex mean?
What was the name of this species in 1965
What was broken to ship?
What specimen did the scientists study to document how fast they grow?
Who was Hesse under attack from?
What city is near Locarno?
What did his wife have?
What year did Hesse return to civilian life?
What single word best describes the success or potential lack-thereof for the works?
When did he start his mechanic apprentice?
What job did Ninon Dolbin have?
What race was the highest in the country?
what percentage are Hispanic?
What is it's county seat?
What is the first half of Peru's country code?
where was perrin born
How long are the pups on their mother's back?
What animal can you see climbing a tree?
The flag of Qatar is maroon with what color band?
For what purpose were the ancestors of the Vincentians brought to the island?
What is the cultural percentages of each race in 2016?
What type of burial structure was Henutsen buried in?
The woman described as a princess in the Inventory Stela from the Saite Period was given what royal title?
What is the name of Messi's main foundation?
What was the score after the final goal by Messi in the match against  Serbia and Montenegro?
When was Lionel Andre Messi born?
What was Yvonne Jaqueline Strzechowski's professional name?
Where did Knight graduate from and what mayor?
What was the primary intention of the alliance?
Who captures Lau back in Gotham?
Who sacrificed themselves?
What makes being batman difficult?
Who took the mob bosses money?
What was the name of the author who wrote in The Wall Street Journal?
In the batman universe the Joker character was first introduced in what year?
What was staggered to make sure Illegal copies weren't taking place
What is the highest grossing film of 2008?
what was davids comment towards bales performance?
What did the Bale think of Al Pacino's role?
who was Heath Ledger?
What was the name of the movie that part of the film's music was played live at the premiere?
Eugene fischers son attended which two universities?
Where can the species be found?
where did the Rat war take place mostly?
How many He 177 bombers were lost?
Besides the weather condistions, what was stopping the 6th army?
What activities were civilians engaging in?
Why were civilians forced to stay?
Who are those in the 1077th Anti-Aircraft Regiment?
What unit were these soldiers part of?
When kind of job does Goh Chok Tong have?
What was the score between Australia and New Zealand ?
What did the match break the record of?
What top two teams had a memorable rivalry?
What field are Bezier curves commonly found?
What is one brand of vector graphic language?
which year was the mathematical basis for Bezier curves first known?
During the phase, what happens?
What single area do regional health administrations have actual control over concerning the national health care budget?
When did Portugal legalize same-sex marriage?
When did Portugal join the EEC?
What is the approximate Romani population in Portugal?
What is Jose Malhoa known for?
when did electricity exports surpass imports?
If ancient roman religious pilgrims went to Portugal, what might they be searching for?
What are the names of the great modernist painters/writers?
Who funds health subsystems?
What is their objective?
What sports have paralympic athletes competed in?
What year did Terry Gilliam win the Winsor McCay?
when is John Alan Lasseter's birthday?
What was introduced by the convention?
Where did he work after completing his doctorate?
When did Houssay die?
Where was the baby born?
The white backed vulture are in the same family as kites and buzzards which is called what?
Where does it breed ?
Where were the finals held for the 1988 AFC Asian Cup?
In what year was the london treaty?
How long did Lady Jane rule?
When did Edward VI die?
What was Elizabeth's mother's maiden name?
What langulang did Elizabeth was also believed to have spoken in her life?
What was the status of Baron Burghley regarding his relation to Elizabeth?
What did Parr do?
Who was not able to survive giving birth?
Where was Elizabeth confined to?
Where did Elizabeth pass away?
Who assured support for Mary?
Who played the husband of Sandra Bullock's character Scarlet Overkill in the movie Minions?
what does Dilong mean?
how do they describe the city?
What cities' stock exchanges merged into Euronext in the year 2000?
What is the 3 letter abbreviation of the World Trade Organization?
what made up the majority of the 16th century?
What year did the glacial period end?
What types of pilgrims does France attract?
How many UEFA European Championships have they won?
What were major wine exports worldwide?
What does most of the population think of the ban?
What is nursery school called in France?
Which country is considered one of the creators of NATO?
Which president of France oversaw the end of the Algerian war?
Who inhabited ancient Gaul?
Who are the three world leaders in tourist volume as of 2012?
What kinds of meat are acceptable to eat in Khas Brahmin society?
What is Dal-bhta-tarkari?
What man was the ruler?
Who named him Miebidos?
how long ago did the celebes sea form?
What lives in the Celebes Sea?
When did Lauer start new excavations?
What part of Perring's investigations is no longer accessible?
What is left of the pyramid this days?
the chambers were made where?
What happened to Userkaf's temple during saite period?
How high was the pyramid originally in feet?
Who succeeded Shepseskaf as king of ancient Egypt?
Userkaf's pyramid was next to another pyrimad belonging to whom?
What does a typical diet of a Angel shark consist of?
How many gills does the angel shark have?
What is Roger Federer's mother's first name?
How many people live on the island?
Which country do foreign governments warn their citizens against visiting?
What's the maximum players?
Where did Custic start is professional career?
What country other than Africa can Sunbirds be located?
What color are the ears for one of the spiderhunters mentioned?
What kind of birds are sunbirds and spiderhunters?
What part of Australia are they living?
Access to which sea was Theodoric trying to gain by attacking Narbo Martius?
What did the scholars doubt?
Who else was son to Theodoric?
Who did the people build a better defense and relationship with?
Who left David Ben Gurion's life when he was 11 years old?
What year did Ben-Gurion declare independence?
What is the variant called tat produces high resolution information in Cryoelectron microscopy?
How many different amino acids make up a protein?
What does AUG stand for?
How many nucleotides does DNA contain?
What is the average mass of yeast proteins?
What is another name for large biomolecules?
What type of protein is usually always soluble?
Which assiciate of Mulders came up with the word protein?
Who named proteins?
How many amino acids does it take for Chemical Synthesis to become inefficient?
Protiens have a hydrophobic core, but have other mehtods to control the basic protein function called what?
In order to preform in vitro analysis, what must happen to the protein?
Where are baseball players Sammy Sosa and Manny Ramirez from?
How many meteres above sea level is the Pico Duarte?
What country is the Cordillera Central in?
How many senate members is the national legislation composed of?
Who administers the districts?
When was the company separated?
Where did Karl serve?
What is the name of the newly named region that the Resettlement Law was applied to?
When should Japan have declared the maxim?
Why didn't Ted and Robin tell anyone about their breakup?
Who protested again GNB's selection of decrepit hotel?
Why did Stella leave Ted?
What actress plays Victoria?
Who is the roommate of Ted's date Cindy?
Who plays Abby?
What kind of tattoo is wanted to be removed?
where did they meet?
What is Lily's occupation?
What actor had the role of Ted Mosby?
What show was allowed to have a fourth season?
When did How I met your Mother come back after the Writers Guild of America strike?
Which language is spoken by the Emirati people?
What are the hottest months in the UAE?
Which types of meat are preferred by the Emirati?
The EFL Cup went on for what years?
When do they change positions?
Where are most of the acedemies insitutions located?
What year did the Ottoman Siege take place?
Which college did he decide to go to, despite being accepted at Harvard?
What industries are commissions common in?
When was Newkirk born?
How many campuses did Charite have?
How many islands make up the country of Indonesia?
How large was the Indonesian army?
What percentage of the country did the forests cover?
What famous morning drink does this country produce?
How many digits might there be listed?
Viète got how many digits using a polygon with an extreme amount of sides?
What year did the John Wallis discover a second infinite sequence?
What kind of reputation did Stanley have?
what is the age limit for studying in colleges in England?
Who built an airfield at Stanley that was intended for temporary use?
When was Resolution 2065 passed?
What was feared concerning the archipelago?
What ocean can you find the Falkland Islands in?
what animals were let out on the islands?
How many years ago did the opening of the South Atlantic begin?
What are might want to be explored by tourists?
What is the income inequality of the islands?
What is the name of a person who works for the government and believes strongly in peace?
When can the Egyptian Stella be seen today?
when was the first leg held?
What percentage of young women are believe affected by PID?
What proportion of the cases have Neisseria gonorrhoeae or Chlamydia trachomatis?
What do chlamydia and gonorrhea infections lead to if they are not treated?
What year did Uganda gain Independence?
What sort of roads did the city still have after its growth?
In what quadrants is the district segmented into?
What is the estimate of the number of deaths?
What lights were dimmed to honor her?
What made Hepburn not attend Tracy's funeral?
In which state was Baskin-Robbins founded?
How many Laduree are sold on a daily basis?
When was the founded Rue Royale bakery burnt down?
What month did Soviet forces begin battle?
When did Swagger's undefeated streak end?
WHat was the name of the woman with whom Albert shared Award for Basic Medical Research?
In what year was the fellowof the American Academy ?
What did the qualification contain?
When did the coalition break up?
How many parliaments are suggested for a smaller country?
Where is Austria located?
What are the biggest urban concentrations in Austria?
What is one way to remove the government?
What put an end to the Ottokar's II regime?
The largest city in Austria  is what city?
What category of film is John Wick 2 considered to be?
Aside from not spilling blood on the Continental grounds what else is considered an unbreakable rule of the underworld?
What was also released in 2007?
How old was Gomez when her parents separated?
Where is he buried?
What was the result of the alchemists' attempts?
Which resource is used as a measure of value by central banks?
What is the reward for great human achievements?
What year was afternoon fixing introduced?
In which units is gold concentration measured?
What auto-maker practices kaizen?
What are some examples of Kaizen related activities?
What's the meaning of the Sino-Japanese word Kaizen?
What do people at Toyota practice to improve productivity?
What process is the main goal of a line supervisor?
What does kaizen mean?
What is nostic?
which family does Nostoc belong?
Who investigated complaints and files the lawsuits?
who did the Vandals consult before going to war?
How do you pronounce the name of Adnan Januzaj in Albanian?
Where did Januzaj first start his football career?
Where was Januzaj born?
What is the average elevation in meters of Quan Ba?
What type of family was he born into?
What symptoms does a quarter of the population suffer from?
In what city did she attend university?
What was her fathers job?
What is the name Japan's Professional baseball?
Where are the majority of Japan's habitable zones found?
Australia and Japan signed which document in 2007?
Where can moist broadleaf forests be found in Japan?
What is Japan's rank as an importer?
Japan has how many islands?
When did Bert die?
When did Ferrantino die?
What was the name of Napoleon's sister?
What formats are western books printed?
How much did the Durchbruchwagen II weight?
What chemical compound do these objects consist of?
What year did Eduard Shevardnadze die?
How many runways are at Shayrat Airbase?
What palace did the Tsar move to?
what happened after Nihiga's videos were removed?
What does A.S.S. stand for?
What is the name of the ninja film?
In what month was an announcement made?
When did Arafat return to Cairo?
What prize did Jianmei receive?
What has the Centre done a lot of work to protect?
How long is the convalescent period usually?
How many soldiers are enlisted in the Armed Forces of New Caledonia?
What is the highest temperature during hot season?
When was his MD received?
When did he and Alice marry?
Nicolle did Nobel-Prize winning word on what disease?
What is the highest possible length for this species of chameleon in metric units?
When did Otto die?
What kind of creature is the European bass?
What color are the individuals?
What is Brokovich's birth name?
The music videos for Pure Grinding and For a Better Day speak out against what social injustices?
When did Berglin release Seek Bromance?
Where can atlantic goliath grouper be found?
What did NATO along with OSCE and EU condemn?
How many acres was the Disney studio?
how long did Snow white take to complete?
When was Disney's first cartoon that had sound released?
In what years did Disney work with United Artists to release color cartoons?
what year was disney world announced?
What popular animated film was released in 1955?
When was Alice's Wonderland created?
When did the Disney Channel first appear?
In what decade did Disney family focused films see a decline in viewers?
What year was Cinderella released?
What is the name of the film that came out in 1948?
What country has active volcanoes?
What year was the population 36,722?
What are the main island in Malampa?
which countries does Wilders advocate ending immigration?
Which characteristics will determine the burn's result?
What has not been made clear?
What injury could occur to tissue or skin based on radiation?
what happens in the event of disruption of a cell membrane?
What are the most common injuries of children under 5 years old?
What proportion of injuries are caused by preventative efforts?
The Parkland formula has determined how much fluid is to be given over the first eight hours?
What theory do some Egyptologists deny?
What was considered damaged?
What is the aperture of the telescope for viewing Pluto?
What happens to an object when it become so large?
What is the ratio of the mixture?
Is Metoprolol guaranteed not to cause side effects in pregnancy?
How long was the player suspended for?
What card is 4 points in soccer?
When did Yemen separate?
What were the three teams ranked on?
How many different teams was the Asian Cup final tournament composed of?
When did the AFC Asian Cup logo come out?
Molten Corporation presented what official item?
How many materials does the species consume?
How many miles per hour can Amazons fly?
What season is the time from January through July?
when had the population greatly increased?
What is the lower estimate of how many people there were?
What did the G-15 focused on?
When did Solo premiere?
How many people died from New Zealand?
In what country was Roentgenium originally synthesized?
What is the least number of goalkeepers per team that must be in the tournament?
What did he win as a key player for brazil?
What are sizes of viruses
What microscopy is used to study the shape and structure of viruses?
What two geometrical shapes are the capsid?
How are viruses classified?
What does an animal virus require to be observed?
How many countries was Inception filmrd in?
Was is Cobb's first name?
Who pretends to be Robert's godfather?
How much was made through DVD and Blu-ray sales?
What spicy Japanese condiment is cultivated in difficult conditions?
What does Wasabi stimulate more, the nose or the tongue?
How does seiyō wasabi translate from Japanese?
What tool is usually used to grate Wasabi?
what type of grater would work?
What was the second essay deemed as?
What year was a French version of "Letters Concerning the English Nation" written?
How many kbits does GSM use?
What is the name of one the program where hackers found the serious weakness?
Which one is the weaker of the two?
What uses same timeslots?
What is another phrase for radio timeslots?
What is the largest island near north of Europe?
What serves a huge gateway?
Johnny Cash had a guest appearance in his song in what year?
Name a type of music that has influenced performing artist Lee.
In which song did Lee mock artists?
Where did they honeymoon?
what is contained in the employs album?
What did Sia do after the band Crisp disbanded?
How many awards did Sia win at the ARIA Music Awards in 2010?
How many copies did Sia's song sell as of January 2015?
Who did Sia break up with in 2011?
what news did sia receive when she was in THAILAND?
What disease was she diagnosed with?
Who are the artists that Sia co-wrote songs for between 2011 and 2013?
What is the name of the band that Sia started in ?
Who is Sia's uncle?
who was her father?
What country did she tour near 2005?
When did Muhammad die?
who was the preacher of Islam?
After who's succession did trouble emerge?
What is an abnormal fear of childbirth called?
What affects a small percentage of mothers?
In what year was the labour induction rate 23.3 percent?
What age do East Asian newborns start at?
What is the range for measuring ischial spines?
at what stage do the expulsion stops?
What varies widely by women in labor?
What is the active labor dilation for women giving birth for the first time?
How many feet is the largest peak in north-central Nepal?
What is the name of the high basin?
What kind of exercise decreases HbA1c?
What percentage of people worldwide have type 2 diabetes?
Drinking what kind of beverage too often could cause type 2 diabetes?
What disease can occur based on lack of sleep?
when pancreas produces little or no insulin, what is it called?
when did the Diabetes Assoc. adopt the diagnosing threshold recommendations?
Where are penguins located?
Where besides the sea do they spend their lives?
How large can an emperor penguin get?
What language is spoken in Togo?
What was the queen mary's last words before death?
what did Mary become?
What was her successor's relationship to her?
Elizabeth was the first cousin once removed to who?
who was considered illegitimate?
How many people were in the army supporting to travel of Mary and her mother?
What did the union do to Elizabeth?
Mary banished Pierre de Boscosel de Chastelard from what country?
What has been both found and lost through a woman in their family?
Who was Mary's half brother?
Who did they include that had fought against Mary?
where did Moray head after Scotland?
when did Mary visit her husband?
What was the name of Mary and Darnley's son?
What was Darnley afraid for?
How often was he visited?
When was Mary taken into protective custody?
Who did supports fight a civil war against?
What movie did Smith star in with Gene Hackman?
How does Smith think of the film?
What party did Barack Obama belong to in 2008?
What made Smith think an application to MIT would likely be approved?
When was smith born?
Where did European nations affirm the influence of the West Africans?
What Tripuran metropolis has the most people?
What year did Katy Perry make twitter history?
How many sections make up the gallbladder?
What type of flow do the rivers have that dump into lake Titicaca?
What is the official name of this country?
What borders Peru on the east?
Peru's presidents serve a term of how long?
What added to the recent economic boost?
What did early settlers in Peru do?
A meme that changes from it's original is said to have what?
what is the purpose of a meme?
What soccer club was eventually founded at the end of the 19th century?
What company has tons of chairmen and leaders over its long list of history?
What is the main purpose of the beak?
Who did Arnold never speak to his first serious girlfriend about?
What sort of thing could he not use to see himself if he didn't do it?
Where did Schwarzenegger's father take Schwarzenegger to see newsreels?
Who did Arnold Schwarzenegger look up to growing up?
In which year did he meet My. Austria Kurt?
When did Reeves die?
When did he begin working out?
Who is the actor that also became a governor.
In what sort of capacity was Schwarzenegger a magazine editor?
How much did the magazines agree to donate?
How much did the network cost?
What is the name of one of Schwarzenegger's ex girlfriends?
What was his motivation?
When did Moray and Schwarzenegger end their relationship?
What state was Pete Wilson a governer of?
In what year did Arnold Schwarzenegger first show an interest in running for office?
What is the name of their oldest child?
What year should california hit its emmissions target?
What types of buildings does the law set regulations on emissions from?
What title was Schwarzenegger given 7 times?
What did Schwarzenegger use steroids for?
With what political party is Arnold Schwarzenegger registered?
What whould Arnold right his objectives on?
By which age was Schwarzenegger already a millionare?
What type of career did Schwarzenegger have?
How did Schwarzenegger gained financial Independence?
Which former governor has a use to compete in bodybuilding?
What are 2 reasons Schwarzenegger has remained known in bodybuilding?
When was Arnold Schwarzenegger sworn into office as Governor?
How many more votes did Schwarzenegger garner compared to Angelides?
When did Gavin Newsom promise that he will become a Democrat?
How many more times will he win the title?
How old was  Schwarzenegger when he won Mr. Universe?
How much did Schwarzenegger pay for his first real estate purchase?
Which career did Schwarzenegger have a hard time?
When did the Long Goodbye come out?
What part of Schwarzenegger personality was the main reason for turndowns from directors?
When did he get the heart valve?
What was raised to defeat him?
What year was he given a nickname?
How much did his jet cost?
Who did Maria Shriver separate from?
how was wesson's attempt?
People speculated Arnold Schwarzenegger would run for Senate what year?
What was the title of the first item directed by Schwarzenggar?
What year was Kindergarten Cop released?
What does Schwarzenegger say regarding how he enetered politics?
what is the translation of black dragon river?
What is the abbreviation of Heilongjiang?
What is needed to visit certain areas?
Who was Sikkim's enemy?
What was the highway that links Siliguri to Gangtok previously known as?
What can hill slopes be turned into?
What time span did the kingdom face many raids?
What is the key characteristic of forested regions?
What shape are the roads in the southern part of Sikkim in?
What religion did Rinpoche introduce?
what is the snow leopard part of?
When an infant perishes for reasons that are unbeknownst to medical professionals, what is it called?
What prior movie is Captain America:  The Winter Soldier a sequal to?
What time did the US inform allies?
What did the US want Castro to remove to make invading unlikely?
Who verified the making of Missiles in Cuba?
What was a crucial agreement the united states made?
what two things did McNamara say they needed?
What was Robert Kennedy still hoping for?
How much reason did the US have to believe?
What did Kennedy demand from Khrushchev following the call-up of 24 reserve squadrons?
At what time was the memo delivered by the CIA?
what else did he note?
What was the name of the Soviet Ambassador?
What did Kennedy believe the US allies would think of the US if they attacked Cuba by air?
What day did Kennedy make his TV address?
How long was the study continued?
Through what media channel was it revealed that Krushchev pressured Castro into accepting missiles?
what dramatic and inflammatory name was given to a conflict between the united states and the soviet union over soviet missiles in cuba?
What organization talked about balancing political and military power?
What was the only possible way the Joint Chiefs of Staff could come up with to solve the problem?
Who did Kennedy humiliate?
Where did the ship leave from?
The US withdrew missiles from which two countries?
Khrushchev warned that war would be a result of what?
What country were warheads in?
What was the name of the general who believed the defeat was the worst defeat in history?
What kind of missiles were Turkey concerned about being removed?
How many mechanisms are actually responsible for creating cardiac issues?
What is the complete name for the term SA node?
What issues can be derived from Noncardiac causes?
What is the term for a heart rate below not 60BPM but still bad?
what can the causes be dived into?
Which occupation did one of the prominent people mentioned here, who's not the CEO, serve for both Nupedia and Wikipedia?
Which features are incorporated in the software?
What was the original programming language of Wikipedia?
what happens when the requests cannot be taken care of?
Three percent of the Earth what is what?
Where is the most growth taking place in desalination for agricultural use?
what does desalination create?
Since groundwater can be stored for a long time this makes it easy for who to use it?
What is the first World Heritage Site in Saudi Arabia?
What is the site marked with
When did Brandt become chancellor?
What company allows ads to be displayed on networks?
When was Google recognized as an independent company?
Where in Manhattan is the Google office located?
How many miles per gallon can the plug-in hybrid electric vehicle get?
what did the want to spreads awareness about?
Where was the garage it was based on?
What year did the Vasco da Gama lead four ships with 170 members in crew?
How old was Rowling when his family moved to Winterbourne?
When did Rowling go to Bucharest?
What did the organization Tricon later become known by?
In what year was Nooyi named CEO of PepsiCo?
Where did Nooyi get her secondary education?
Which religions have one God?
how are lows enforced?
What is law to one who likes to think?
What can law affect besides productivity?
What did the subjects emphasize on?
What does foregin level college program typically include?
What are the first, second, and third biggest rivers in terms of river basin area?
what regulates the terms in some areas?
What is the most amount of fat that can be in a low fat labeled product?
Which food supplement can be used to replace part of flour?
How can diet food be made?
In what country is the airline based?
Of which country was GoAir the 5th largest airline?
Who owns GoAir?
Why did Solih migrate to  Maldives?
Who organuzed the multiparty democracy?
How many kids are in his family?
What year was the first Barcelona Liga?
What team did Xavi play for?
what is the value of the new contract?
Did Xavi score his first goal in the August 1998 or August 1988?
What is expressed here?
A newborn's skin color can be what color before breathing?
What type of communication is an infant's cry?
What was Minsaw known for besides founding the Pagan empire?
Which is the only East Germanic language with sizable text corpus?
The gothic language is most prominently known of for what text?
In what league does the Chelsea Football Club compete?
Where does Chelsea play at?
Who purchased Chelsea in 2003?
What kind of beverages are not considered Halal?
What must a food not contain for it to be considered halal?
Where is the halal market growing?
what does the deep incision does?
What is used for surfing?
Bench shirts and weight lifting belts are used for what?
How are goal posts designed in many games?
What is the main objective in hockey or football?
What can cause injury in ice hockey?
Give examples of racquet sports.
During the later portion of progression to Eisenmenger's syndrome, how many individuals reach that point?
What is another name for premolar teeth?
When food reaches the molars what are molars used for?
How is Seram traversed?
What has a fixed timeline?
What planet was the minimum mass a little bit bigger than?
When was the study of radical velocity conducted?
Who wears half-sarees?
With what age group of girls dupatta dress is popular?
What type of top is used generally?
What is changing in urban areas?
What is considered to be a common symptom of a vaginal yeast infection?
What kind of discharge is common with these symptoms?
What is fluconazole?
During the 30 year time-span, which bridge was built first?
Westminster Bridge allows access to what two cities?
What was the name of the magnet school that Beyonce attended in 1990 where she was a member of the school's choir?
What is one tribute Beyonce has made to her mother?
What is Beyoncé mostly known for?
When was Gojoseon established?
what is hanseong formerly called?
What kind of pepper is in gochujang?
What language is Sinsoseol written in?
When was the Cheomseongdae in Korea built?
When does the Neolithic period start?
What happened to the traditional Korean value system after the Korean War?
What did Alba win in 1992 after a competition in acting?
when did alba go into television?
How many times did Alba suffer from pneumonia as a child?
What party did Trudeau enter?
Where was Trudeau first noted as joining into politics?
How many people have been forced from their homes in Nepal as of August?
How many people died when an old building collapsed in Mumbai due to a flood?
How many people died?
how many records has the bands sold?
why is it necessary to treat those with taeniasis?
What is the percent of people afected by pork tapeworm in some areas in Latin American?
What area of the body are CT and MRI scans most useful for as diagnostic tools?
What is used as an anti inflammatory?
What is the major source amidst foods?
When was Saverin born?
What year did Saverin graduate from Harvard?
What was the name of the capital of China ten dynasties ago?
what consists of the traditional regions?
how is Aminophenol obtain?
When was paracetamol included in the British Pharmacopoeia?
What is the unique chemical name paracetamol and acetaminophen share?
What happens after conjugation?
What is making the benzine ring highly reactive?
Why is it important for people to develop good life skills?
Where does Gardner hug Christopher?
On what innovation that replaced regular x-rays did Gardner risk his life savings?
when was it discovered that the blackened marbles were actually just dirty white stones?
Who wrote about Bentinck
What elements does his Cenotaph reflect?
Which entity kept track of the visitors that toured the Taj Mahal?
What months do most tourists visit?
In what way was the decorations refined?
who is thought to have designed both gardens?
how is paradise described in most islamic texts?
What example did the replacment of gold by gilded bronze show?
What are the dimensions of the dome?
What African country is mentioned first?
What was talked about during the summit?
Was there a sequel to Mr Bean?
who was Rowan Atkinson married to?
When was the last year Atkinson played Mr. Bean?
Name a church with monolithic architecture.
What percentage of Africans belong to traditional religions?
Where did the Semitic Phoenicians settle?
What two weather conditions is a Ginkgos tree resistant to?
Ginkos are popular trees for growing because of what reason?
What way are the seeds mostly safe to hold?
What year was the Ginkgo spern discovered?
What will the leafs never do?
Where in the Kufra district is the capital?
what was the city's population according to the 1984 census?
What honor was Pele given in 1995?
what was the names of the twins?
when was their marriage?
What was the name of Pele's mother?
What was the average goal scored per World Cup that Pele made?
Who were some of the players in the Brazil team that played in the 1970 world cup?
Which area is not as green compared to the Assam Valley?
How many acres are in the North Indian River Plain?
What are the two largest bodies of water in this system mentioned in this sentence?
What vehicle was Woods driving at the time of the fire hydrant accident?
At what age did Tiger Woods win the 9-10 boys' event?
Which was did Earl participate in?
What does turbine use to collect energy?
What does a working fluid contain?
What does the casing around gas, steam and water turbine blades control?
When did the Saxon Restoration take place?
Which battle resulted in Cnut gaining control of much of England?
How many Louis was he?
What was Xavier's profession?
Feynman was famous for being in what profession?
When did Bohm immigrate to Brazil?
Who studied things located outside of our planet?
What did he enjoy fixing as a child?
What type of accent did Feynman speak with?
What did Feynmann help the engineers with?
what language do these books provide an understanding of?
At Caltech, Fenynman created what?
What did Feyman like to talk about?
how was he able to visit Arline?
What was Richard Feynman awarded?
what is the title of Feynman Phd thesis?
At age 23, Richard Feynman could not be matched for what?
Whose film do Chaplin envy?
What type of premise did a good amount of early films begin with?
how long was the standing ovation given to him?
What type of film made Sir Charles Spencer Chaplin famous?
How many airports did Malawi have as of 2012?
What is the sport that many people in Malawi like?
What people does this name come from?
What is the main reliance of the economy?
What 3 branches of military does it consist of?
Which cardinal direction did the Bantu people emigrate to?
Prior to 1993, what was the term for presidency in Malawi?
When did Banda agree on a referendum?
What type of constraint did Frank and Isobel have to over come in order to attend the University of Oxford?
When did Lorenzo de Medici die?
Who began the project that Michelangelo completed after being asked by the Guild of Wool?
When did Michelangelo come back to Florence?
what job did Michelangelo's father have during his birth?
When was Michelangelo born?
What kind of stature is a symptom?
What extra chromosome will the child have?
What is a mistake in cell separation called?
In females, what marks Triple X syndrome within a cell?
What characteristics from the Us holidays are examples of celebration?
What is Toulon know for?
Who wrote the episode?
Who are the masterminds behind the sitcom, Friends?
which girl does Chandler like?
When did the two start working together?
What happened to Phoebe's mother?
How many people watched the Seinfeld finale?
What are the names of the six main people in the show?
Who is waiting at the gate for Ross at the beginning of the second season?
What is the range of yellow's dominant wavelength?
What locations were involved during filming?
What was the average box office per theater the movie earned?
What character does Miley Cyrus play?
When did production start?
What is the mnemonic for the early signs of melanoma?
What could happen to a mole in later stages?
In what countries is the rate of melanoma the highest?
Which disease causes abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body
How does Monazite occur?
When can you get a complete understanding of the techniques?
A calculation is use to identify what?
What is one of  levels were approached?
What was the story of Jason Bourne based on?
Who did Jones start a band with?
Who is Ravi Shankar's daughter's half sister?
What type of musical group did she provide transportation for?
lONG STANDING BLOOD LOSS LEADS TO WHAT DISEASE?
How is whipworm diagnosed?
Vegetables are contaminated when what preparation method(s) are not fully done?
What is the process called by which life has found a way out of non living amtter?
Which thunderstorm element is considered responsible for triggering these reactions?
How far inland did Spanish expeditions reach in the Northwest?
Who controlled most of the pacific islands?
What is the lowest point on earth and how deep is it?
What company released Rihanna's debut album in 2005?
What do recipients of health care service receive?
Which type of patient is considered to be admitted?
Approximately how many people worldwide used contact lenses in 2004?
Christianities leader the pope comes from greek roughly translating into what?
What type of bond do isocyanides have?
Dinitrogen and Carbon Monoxides are examples of what molecules?
What fraction are guys?
What district is Khajurah located in?
How long did the filming in Wadi Rum last?
What specific date did The Martian premier?
Who was the lead character in the movie?
What causes Watney intense anger?
What did the observation reveal ?
What did the 1950s show about the rotation?
Detailed views of what planet's surface were first observed using radar in the 70s?
what planet has lightening?
How fast are Venus's Winds?
What is true about the measurements?
Around fifty kilometres above the surface of Venus, the conditions for temperature and pressure are similar to which planet's surface?
What is the temperature of Venus's core?
What source gives energy to ions to not be trapped by Venus's gravity field?
When will be evening star visible?
What is different about the temperature in Mercury?
What does Phosphoros mean?
What is the name of the Earth's sister planet?
How different can one describe when comparing it to earth?
What is the elongation of Venus in degrees?
Which planet contradicted Ptolemy's previous model?
how much did the cups extend?
When did they cast the actor of Lincoln Burrows for the movie?
What was he sent?
What country did the series premiere?
Who was first to enlist in the ensamble?
region 2 had what released in 2008?
Where in Canada was included?
Who was interested in Prison Break before departing from the project?
What fraction are re-gathered or had their lives ended?
When did the summertime show debut?
What type of reviews did the debut performance receive?
Who is on equal footing in terms of intelligence with Mahone?
where are the headquarters of Toshiba Corporation?
How many patents did Toshiba register in 2011?
What ethical evaluations to bioethicists often debate?
Name a debate over boundaries of life that deals with women choices?
What type of enzyme catalizes the tagging reaction?
What is included in the 185,180 square kilometers?
What is the earliset Superman movie paid homage by Supemanr Returns?
When was Burma able to achieve seperation from the British Empire?
Where sis Kyi earn her doctor's degree?
what were precious metals once important for?
In what year was the Classic Bruce Willis collection released?
Where did Willis attend college?
What is measured while composting?
Name five areas compost might be used?
What helps to control erosion?
Adding compost teas to crops can have an effect on what?
Name two low nitrogen carbonaceous materials.
Does a male or female weigh more?
What does a wildebeest primarily feed on?
How many light cars and trucks were there in 2007?
How are the marques sorted in this table?
What is shown in the table?
What name is the insect known by in the largest amount of countries?
What are the symptoms of Triatominae?
Why do many people not know that have the disease?
How much of lo's core make up the mass?
What type of landscape area do mountains dominate?
How long does the fifth moon of Jupiter take to orbit back to the same position?
How many tonnes per second does Jupiter's magnetosphere sweep up?
What kind of damage is responsible for the parts of Io that are red and brown?
What does circular deposits consist of?
What are there hundreds of because because of tidal heating?
Io source of heat occurs due to tidal dissipation stemming from what?
How long can some last?
How severe is the common cold?
Who usually experiences severe complications?
What disease most people have experienced at least once?
How many work days have been lost for parents taking care of their children when they have a cold?
how many people are at the risk of antibiotic resistance?
In what cavity is Ipratropium administered?
How many troops did the dynasty raise?
How many people were in the Tang dinasty in &th century?
The other parts of the country are connected to major roads in which city?
What is the average night temperature in Medina?
How many men did Muhammad gather?
What is the weight of a female peahen?
Where was the white strip located?
How many days do their eggs take to hatch?
When do the long train feathers begin to develop in India?
Who do some say introduced the peacock to Europe?
How many colour mutations does the Indian peafowl have?
Who funded the purchase?
When was the Velociraptor genus named?
What dinosaur did the Velociraptor eat?
What is one area of study this proposal comes from?
To what modern animal was the velociraptor compared due to the strength of its jaws?
What is the dinosaur that has missing parts?
What does the Velociraptor use its claws for?
What year was the second species named?
Over how many Velociraptor skeletons have been discovered?
What is special about the Velociraptor's second digit?
What lake does the mansion look out over?
Who was owner and friend of Bill Gates?
How many sisters does Gates have?
why was gates interested in the machine?
What did Gates skip his math classes for?
When did Microsoft become seperate from MITS?
When did she join IBM?
During which month did Queen Anne pass away?
Wat what age did she die?
What planet do these rings belong to?
How large are the particles making up sturns rings?
What do they use in Chimeras?
What is the other name of Orwell?
Where was Mr. Bean character created?
What are the organs successfully transplanted in humans?
What are some things Geomorphologists seek to understand?
What part of useful antibitics do Streptomycetes produce?
Which source suggests that Ambikeshwar Temple was named for the Mother Goddess Durga?
What does each level of the fort have?
How do you say state of emergency in French?
What year did About Schmidt come out?
When did Nicholson make his film debut?
What did Nicholson's mother do for a living?
Who was suspected of being Nicholson's biological father by Patrick McGilligan?
Which actor turned his focus to writing and directing after his acting career seemed to decline?
Who starred in The Trip?
Along with the various other titles and recognition, Soros is worth approximately how much?
What is the opinion of "Das Urteil"?
when did the yiddish theatre troupe perfom
who produces these comics?
What is Windhoek's significance?
What was cause did Kidman join in 1984?
In what year did Kidman receive her Walk of Fame Star?
Where in the US do they maintain homes?
Who directed Dogville?
How tall is Pompey's Pillar, including the pedestal it stands on?
What does the Universite Senghor focus on teaching?
Which city was found to have activity long before it was actually founded?
What are the islands included in the British Virgin Islands?
What kind of activities to whistle blowers report?
What is the name of the act against false claims?
what are the examples of aerobic exercises?
What was the name of the Prime minister that launched the New Economic policy?
What is one similarity between Maylasia and Indonesia?
In what year did the unification of Malaysia happen?
What title is given to the head of government?
What year did the matriculation system happen?
What nationality greatly influenced language in Malaysia?
Who were amused at habits?
How long after her father's death did Princess Margaret herself die?
What producer helped Anggun Cipta Sasmi produce her first rock album?
Where is Cabo Verde located?
What country in Africa has two official languages?
What is the biggest problem plaguing the energy sector?
What is the prevalence of illiteracy in the country?
What are the ranges of QOL?
What is the term for programmed cell death?
How many historical subtypes of cancer are recognized?
What change marked an increase in the occurence of lung cancer?
Where does the growth typically spread to past the lung?
what does IARC stand for?
What kind of scan can be done to find Lung cancer?
What factor causes Radon gas level to vary?
What genes can often be mutated?
What is used to help determine the original source?
what form of cancer is commonly found in past smokers?
What are some of the standard treatments for lung cancer?
What two groups of people in the United States have a bigger risk factor for passive smoke causing lung cancer?
What percentage of women are at risk of lung cancer?
Who lacked paper in hospital?
When did the Indo-Greeks cease to exist as a political group?
Who did the king of Belgium want to be responsible for forming  a government in 2007?
What country created the V-2 rocket?
How does the writer suggest improving bad administration work?
What is the current official currency in Puerto Rico?
where did the immigration lead to?
What happened after Napoleon fell in regards to spain?
Which bridge were Clifford and his men crossing when he and his men met Spanish resistance?
How many ships were involved in Christopher Columbus' second journey?
What is the name of the first Eurpoean colony?
What made Puerto Rico attractive to explorers?
How many troops were involved in the invasion of San Juan?
Which people were vying for freedom in the 19th century?
How old was Rey Misterio Jr. when he made his Lucha Libre wrestling debut?
What was the name of underground organization that saved many cultural works?
Who posed a great threat to the Polish ?
In WW2, what group had to give up territory versus the Germans?
what is legally protected in Central Poland?
How many different parks protect Poland?
which sea borders Poland?
In what did the Vikings travel?
Who was the last ruler of the centre of Polish classicism?
For ever 100 females, how many males were there?
Where is Des Moines?
in how many countries had OFID spread its presence?
what does HIPC stand for?
Where does OFID's flagship program mainly focus its aid?
What are given mainly because of the kind of project it is and its anticipated end result?
Which sector is OFID increasing it's volume of operations?
Who has stayed supportive of the agency?
What does EPI stand for?
What other disease does OFID involve themselves in besides HIV/AIDS?
When did The OFID Headquarters start serving as a palace?
What is the primary mission of OFID?
Where are OFID's headquaters located?
What is reduced by successful interventions?
What type of nations does The Facility focus on?
What type of electrochemical cell replaced an early electric primary cell?
Why was the Grove cell chosen over the Daniell cell for telegraph systems?
who gave her a warm reception?
When was Eskenazi born?
What nationality was her lover?
What did Sarah decide to become?
What was the status of the family that Roza's mother worked for?
What was the record breaking pay earned by Roza while performing at Taygetos nightclub?
What was Roza's most important contribution?
Where did the folk songs originate?
who was the violinist to RCA?
Who was the man to whom she got married with?
How fast did she adapt?
What was the factor that set the decade apart from Roza's earlier career?
What did Krystal open up in 1942?
What's another name for antiparticles?
In what year did ABC greenlight the show for a season?
Who is the author of the sitcom "Modern Family" ?
Where does Claire Dunphy live?
what is the total business by the film in america?
What is the primary way of alerting people of danger in Oakey Oaks
Who will Angel be leaving?
The party did what instead of moving toward the coast?
What was empty among arrival?
What social class does Angel belong to in Hardy's book?
Who is executed?
What novel was considered a masterpiece?
Who was too inebriated to pick up Tess?
What did he join his partners in?
Who was found dead?
Where does Tess go after Angel leaves?
What is Tess' assumed name?
What happened during the Spartakus movement?
How did the majority hope that the country could help them to gain power?
When was Rosa Luxemburg outvoted?
Who did Hertling object handing the rein over to?
When did the last German dynastic ruler abdicate?
What time of day did it occur?
When did the Council of People's Respresentatives finally end?
What party did Ebert want to win over?
Who agreed to the negotiations for a truce?
What did Ebert demand for the Wilhelm II?
What tasks did the councils control?
where is Leuna located?
what year was November coup written?
What motto was used by the socialist party to break Ebert's line?
What political party is involved?
What did the Soviet government agree to in 1918?
Leibknecht was made out to be what by word of mouth?
Why did the Revolutionary Stewards obtain weapons?
Who was able to keep their positions?
Which revolution is not well remembered by Germans?
What was the workers and soldiers councils for?
Did Ebert and Groener give any effort to change the decision?
Which general entered into an agreement with Ebert?
When did the troops loyal to ebert attack the residence?
What government did the Spartacist revolutionaries expect the sailors to destroy?
When did Theodor Wolff write an article leaning towards very positive illusions?
what request were deaf ears turned to?
What league had no influence?
What did the mass protest lead to?
What crime was Liebknecht sent to prison on?
Who considered the councils actions to be disturbing?
When did the Spartacus League emerge?
Where did the union leader meet?
Who did some of the papers want to die?
what percentage did USPD receive
What was eliminated?
What areas did Robert of Loritello take in 1100?
Where did the Normans head after the battle?
What was the county called Chieti formerly called in the 1000's?
What happened to Gisulf's property after retreating?
Who did Ranulf join after Pandulf?
what year did sergiu's sister died
What happened in 1048?
Who invaded Malta in 1091?
Where did Richard come from?
Who lead the second command?
What did Boionnes dp to protect his gains?
Who was the planned successor of Basil after his death?
Who was the katepano and was killed in battle in early 1010?
What country did Basil die?
When did Mesardonites leave?
Who betrayed Marinus?
What is the name of the location considered to be a final attacking place by the Normans?
Who did Arantxa Sanchez Vicario lose to?
What plane did the airline get in 1949?
Where did the Carthaginian's retreat to after defeat by the Roman's?
What does HRTEM stand for?
What kind of structure is the electron in this type of sample encountering?
What is Matthew Brett Cardona's occupation?
Who is the Boss of Mappy?
The rapid transit of Instabul is known by what name?
How many passengers on average does the Levent rail line carry daily?
Where were the P.E.B.-Zentrals based?
When did he become a freelancer?
Who was Herbert Nachbar?
Arturo Merino Benitez is the name of what airport?
What is one example of how the Catholic Church protested?
How many years was the relationship between the Vatican and Italy sour?
What percent of the country of Italy worked in Agriculture?
What is the nationality of Andres Calamaro?
Where was the Centre located?
What temples did the Charter salvage?
Where was the first convention held?
When was Feilden made Director?
What is one thing the Technical Assistance Programme initially provided?
What was a long term incentive for African professionals?
Who was appointed Director?
when did the NAMEC programme begin?
In what year did the first Conservation of Urushi occur?
Where is PMDA also known as CHDA operated?
What year did the CollAsia program end?
Why did the FAC begin holding courses in Haiti?
who helped with capacity building?
ICCROM serves also who?
What facility of ICCROM is a reference point for all people involved with the group?
What were the two other major European conservation institutions that were introduced?
When was the function of ICOM proposed?
where do the members of the General Assembly come from?
What field does the website act as a portal for?
In which departments are staff members distributed?
Who is the head of the Secretariat of ICCROM?
What were other countries moving past after the second world war?
What can be done to feature multiple flavors in masala?
What is blended with spices in order to make them into pastes?
In what year did Taufa'ahau, the Tu'i Kanokupolu, declare Tonga a constitutional monarchy?
Who is the sacred paramount chies the the monach replaced?
Who succeeded Catherine I as emperor of Russia?
How many big entrances does a cathedral have?
What religious faith do attendees of Lima Cathedral practice?
Where was Afua Nkulena born?
How high was the population density?
Under whose direction was Craig under when he researched the history of the resurrection of Jesus?
What city was Craig born in?
How many written works did Craig produce during his time in Belgium?
How many deputy mayors were chosen?
What month is the festival?
What year did Finland gain it's independence?
What did the Coeur Defense building replace when it was built?
How tall are each bodies?
When is Mushin achieved?
What can no mindness really mean?
what is williams known as?
Who did the Chadian forces unite to oppose?
Which groups helped to contribute to the 4,000 plus item collection?
Who collected most of the items?
what parts of the city are there properties managed by the university?
The Penmaen and Horton halls include what type of aesthetic feature?
What is a likely cause for the reddening of the surface on Titania?
What kind of particles can remove carbon dioxide ice from cold traps in Titania?
What type of cycle happens during the summer?
How many miles is the Titania's core?
What state would the ocean be in had the temperature dropped below 176 K?
Which part of the UK has the population with the highest incidence of red hair genes?
what is related to a false conclusion?
How long are eggs kept in incubation?
What charter is the ACHPR responsible for interpreting?
What profession did he take on in 1813 at Renthendorf?
What number journal was it?
What state did Clapp visit to collect insects in 1875?
In what month was a new strategy announced?
who added the blueooth libraries?
What is not part of the official version?
How many Euros did Ifri make in 2011?
When was Ifri founded?
how many conferences does the organization arrange in one year?
Who makes up the instute?
When Hüsrev Pasha Retreat allowed who to establish control of Iraq?
How many days did it take the Ottomans to gain control of Baghdad?
Who were the Ottoman empire at war against?
What territory resulted in the Ottoman-Safavid War from 1623-1639?
What caused the stalemate in the war?
which group formed ties with Ottoman?
What country did the Persians Capture?
Who will chair the second phase of amendments consisting of 50 members
How many were the committee that amended the 2012 constitution under Adly Mansour?
what percentage constitutes of whites?
In which county is Dow city located?
What countries all recognize each others territory claims?
What two countries prohibited new claims on Antarctica?
What was Rita Maiburg's occupation?
which cuisens look like the Finnish cuisine?
Where was Douglas-Home born?
What compounds did he discover in the absorption bands around the outer planets?
What type off museum was to be opened?
When was the Tejo Power Station using a new generator?
What year did it not work?
How many new generating sets need to be bought for the program?
How many boilers were operating after it had undergone limiting circumstances?
Which boiler was delayed in installation?
what happened after the inception of the construction work
What type of plant broke groung in 1908 and provided Lisbon with power for over 60 years?
What year did the boiler supply turbo-alternator 3?
The Tejo Power Station was last recorded to be running on what date?
Where was property located?
Why was the main reason that the new power station was built?
what was the name of the government in power?
What does WSPU stand for?
Who was the most notable target for the Priestley Riots?
Who wrote about the rioting being a dividing factor within Birmingham?
What happen with Waweru in 1971?
What two occupations best describe Deborra-Lee Furness over her career?
How many people lived there in the 2000 census?
What does the capital border to the west?
Where are the southern limits?
Who took over the missions after the Franciscans?
Which town was did they arrive at after Santa Barbara?
Where did Portola go after his successor as appointed?
What date was the Presidio of Monterey founded?
Where was the premiere of the 3DV technology in Europe?
When did the business start the systematic research and development work?
How many people subscribe to Tricolor TV?
where was the exhibit held?
How many DV channels premiered in May 2010?
WHAT DID  GENERAL SATELLITE CORPORATION ANNOUNCE?
What are the recent developments?
Which association is the General Satellite company associated with?
when was 6.5 million subscribed?
What was the most troops Britain had in Iceland?
What country did the king of Copenhagen send a congratulatory letter to?
In what month did this agreement take place?
When was Tosovsky reappointed?
How many years did it take to write 126 bills?
Jefferson was known to frequently correspond with what type of people through letter?
What did Scott rename the cape he discovered?
When were remains of the deceased discovered?
What happened to one of the animals slower pony party arrived?
What was built at the headquarters?
What action made it possible for Scott to operate his ship under the White Ensign?
What kind of climate do evergreen trees favor?
What was their language similar to?
The engine makes use of what kind of cooling?
what does the babuyan channel seperate?
What is Hypodontia?
What causes manipulation of the collagen?
What process results in the creation of the gingival sulcus?
What are two causes of tooth loss?
What is another term for mixed dentition?
What did the theory predict?
What was the name of the coalition of famous congolese figures?
what was the name of his first son
What year did filming end?
how would you describe Forrest Gump?
How much did the film earned?
Who did Forrest meet on the first day of school?
Who was integrated into the archival footage?
Where did Ken Ralston work?
What year did Fleming die?
Where was Fleming the Governor of?
When did  another revolt happen?
What scheme determines that Sextans B and Sextans a are IV-V?
Alfred Wegener Instetute Director in 2007 is who?
When was she a biology teacher?
When did Bothaine Kamel try to run for Egyptian president?
Besides activism and politics, what is Bothaina Kamel known for?
What is the name of the organization that deems nature areas as World Heritage sites?
What happened to the islamic publications in Moscow in the 1990s?
What issue could potentially detract from a car's theme?
What insect do the two doors look like when opened?
The nagare seeks to rekindle what among consumers?
What was redefined?
How do the larvae breath?
What is the northwestern limit for Sitka spruce?
How much has been discovered about the island's past?
When did Menzhinsky die?
What race is the largest in USA?
How much of the population is Hispanic or Latino?
What color are Gaga's shoes?
What does Gaga do while singing and cooking?
What geographical areas provide obstacles in obtaining reliable data?
When did Meinertzhagen die?
What did she later specialize in?
What did Rasmussens early research focus on?
What did she do after graduating from University?
How many months was the Solar Physics job in West Germany?
When did Terian graduate?
How many sectorial ministerial meetings happened in 2013 to 2018?
How often does the summit of heads government meet up?
How often should the ministers meet?
How much will the project to clean up Lake Bizerte in Tunisia cost?
How many countries are under the UfM
When did he seperate from Maria?
Who produced political poetry?
What was ultimately the cause of death for this individual?
Who is the father of Peter Neumann?
What was the last year the Langacker taught at the University of California?
What is he most famously known for?
What is the last name of the fictional scholar from Constantinople?
What contracting services were ushered out in the 1980's?
What famous Bulgarian boxer was born on 1981?
What is Malmo Castles' name in swedish?
What king of Pomerania founded the first castle?
How many view were on Mélissa Theuriau's videos?
Where did Theuriau earn her masters degree?
Stewart was known to get his acting schooling at which school?
How many attackers were killed when the gate opened?
When was Belknap Press created?
What was the Harvard University Press' original focus?
Who established the Scholai?
Where else does the library collect materials from apart from Poland?
How many ephemera can be found in National Library?
How many drawings are in the library?
what year did the archaeologist map out the location?
What river valley does the aqueduct begin?
What did Roman engineers do to protect against frost?
how deep did the aqueduct run?
how much does a paleontologists  full grown adult weight?
Why did he decide not to work on the railroad anymore?
Where did the professor work prior to being part of the faculty at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign?
When did Ziaeddin Tabatabee Serve as prime Minister?
When was the Cloudster first flight?
what damaged the boat beyond repair?
Why did the aircraft fail?
What kind of program does INSEAD offer?
When did the campus move to Europe?
What two halls are in the West Wing?
How is the museum divided?
Which person's name is part of the name of a space theatre?
What did Burman offer the man?
What nationality was Johannes Burman?
What type of aircraft did AgustaWestland make?
What was the population of Álftanes at the beginning of 2011?
What happens if the station is too congested?
Why did rebels fight in the mountains?
How long did the uprising in Seville last?
Where did the angry crowd march to?
What population suffered severe punishment?
When was analytical Marxism popular?
Where does David Kyle Logan do as a profession?
Where was Tolman employed as a professor?
what are hierarchical system?
What is a term used for someone moving down in the ranks of society?
What year did officer's tragedy Rosenmontag happened?
When did Hartleben's grandfather die?
Mention two youthful acquaintances of Hartleben?
The quest expedition used a ship of what country?
When did the G-14 group dissolve?
How long are players insured for?
What groups laid the groundwork for the International Match Calendar?
How many clubs received compensation as a result of the new distribution mechanism?
What country is Klaudia Gallovits-Hall from?
When did the Nigersaurus live?
What did the study determine would limit certain neck movements and skull rotations?
What was the purpose of the habitual 67 degree down turn of Nigersaurus necks?
When was she awarded the Guggenheim Foundation Fellowship?
What field of math was Joan Birman's expertise?
What was the rent from the shops used for?
Who designed the mosque?
What explosive item did DuPont begin producing as part of their expansion around the turn of the 20th century?
Who manufactures the GBU-10 bombs?
In 2015, what was the name of the supernatural horror film directed by Gil Kenan?
What year did the original Poltergeist come out?
How many official seats were avaliable during the 2001 Mediteranean Games?
What is name of the club that Esperance de Tunis share the stadium with?
ATM's use what kind of paths?
Where does the type of AAL in a cell get configured at?
What does QoS stand for?
What is the proposed replacement for ATM?
What do PPD's discard?
What was the launch accompanied by?
What type of graphic design was acquired recently?
what are the 3 listed minerals?
What type of deposits do asphaltic sandstone's contain?
Tina Anselmi Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI was the first woman to what?
When did OMRI die?
Who mostly made up the british soldiers in the Siege of Kut?
What are two places where living outside of them causes continuous issues?
How many members of the Senate are elected?
What is sodium used for?
Which position of the atom was there most carbon rich section?
How many formula units per cell are in a trihydrate?
What is the minimum a human could take of pyridine for it to still kill?
Loss of what can be an acute effect?
What was the name of the Russian chemist?
How many bands are contained in a pyridine spectrum inside of a hexane?
What was the score against Real Valladolid?
Quantitative psychologists are commonly employed by whom?
When was a special group authorized due to low amounts of applicants with the necessary qualifications?
When was the shortage of quntitative psychologists formally addressed?
What are the other research areas?
The 2010 census recorded a population of 845 in what city in Union County, Iowa?
Where is one place the mother-in-law hasn't been for a while?
What would the mother-in-law rather have done instead of go out?
who introduced the term?
Who wrote The Help?
What is the average temperature annually?
What is the name of the monster that lives at Loch Ness?
Why do most people from America visit Scotland?
What projects can Volunteers do?
What year did he qualify at Surgeon's Hall?
In which areas did he help Hunter?
What is the capital of Madagascar?
What body of water were they ordered to attack in?
Where were Russian Navy sailing vessels constructed?
The russian navy took how many circumnavigations between 1803 and 1855?
What year was the museum not open at all?
She composes romances and what else?
What country did the composer's work describe?
Who ruled from 70 to 106?
What season caused the freezing of the water pipes?
What substance is very cheap?
Lauge was added to which pieces of machinery?
How much would Manitoba's fundraising goal have been had it occurred in 2011 instead of 1942?
Victory Bonds were purchased to fund which event?
What does the acronym YARM stand for in this instance?
When did the project EuRegio Medienzentrum take place?
What amrket is most popular in Vienna?
Are those guilty of war crimes considered criminals in Japan?
When was Korea annexed from Japan?
What ban also recorded, but didn't release, the song?
What is the title of the book that the movie "The Irishman" was adapted from?
What is Kristin Laura Kreuk's nationality?
What was Clarence Charle Nahsh's profession?
where did Gandy studied?
Who played the female role in the third version of the marketing campaign for 'Light Blue'?
How many million indigenous people are living in the world today according to The United Nations?
What is the nationality of Frank Acheampong?
What three years did she win?
Who had only two surviving sons?
When was Deniz born?
What award did the TV show win?
Who did Dan Schneider work for?
What did Schneider say?
What is the most important effect it has in labor?
What are some cross cutting issues that are addressed?
What percent of their diet is aquatic primary production?
When did Neutsch become a journalist?
Who directed the film?
What debuted on HBO?
What year did the Kasubi tombs ignite in flames?
When was Frangieh reelected?
Where did Assunta obtain her PhD?
What office did Maiziere take after the Second Merkel cabinet was formed?
Who is Lothar de Maiziere?
until when did Merkel hold his defence ministry portfolio
What are two concerts that have been held at the stadium?
What was created by the Fiat race drivers?
What specific galaxies can ULX's be located?
What was well known about Bengal?
The company sought to obtain profits from which two means?
What year was the military control reaffirmed at?
What did the company obtain?
How long did his second marriage last?
Who was awared the national prize of the GDR in 1955?
What genre of music does the Gojire play?
What professions did Serra hold?
From what perspective does Hamilton explain altruism?
What is passed down from parent to offspring?
What has been one positive impact on the advances in microscopy?
What three things comprised the majority of natural history in the 17th century?
What was the main topic in Leonhart Fuchs study?
What happened as a result of the Roman Empire decline ?
what achievement is Georges Cuvier known for?
Claidius Galen became an expert known widely in what field?
Who succeeded Aristotle?
Who was partially responsible for embryology and ecology becoming central biological fields?
What makes up the majority of the organic polymer on Earth?
What job titles does Eli Lilly hold?
When was the reign of king of Ostrogoths?
When did Avraham Adan die?
What year were these works self-published in?
What percent was White?
What nationality is Meloni?
What was the nationality of the vice-chairman?
When was the simple rotary evaporator system commercialized?
What year was the book published in Berlin?
How many time was Masur married?
How old was she when she learned to sing and dance?
How may people are employed?
What holiday is Sarah making preparations on?
what actions do the police take to protect Sarah?
Where does the river originate from?
On what day was the Madagascar flag adopted?
What was the Detroit river named after?
If  there were no more humans on earth, what would be left to drive on?
What burns hydrogen and has a shell and a core?
What two bodies will be swallowed?
In how many years will the Earth be absorbed by the sun?
What gas would cause suffocation if it is not restored by vegetation?
What processes can be used to burn heavier elements in a contracting core?
What element combines to make helium in the process?
What happens to the clouds of younger population I stars over time?
The International Star Registry is now labeled as what?
What primary piece of information determines the evolution and fate of a star?
How can you determine how close a star is to the Sun?
When did Bessl found hidden companion of Sirius star?
Which measurements are used to calculate the luminosity?
how does the brake function?
When a large body is in rotation, how does it deal with the contraction in its size?
What results in the rapid rotation rate of degenerate stars?
how many light years can you observe some stars from earth?
What happened as a result of King Pomare II and his followers when they escaped to Mo'orea?
When did Bougainville visit Tahiti?
What is also available on major islands and are well developed?
In what year did Papeete have 136,771 people?
What did researchers propose that was later conflicted with evidence?
at what level is there a plethora of symptoms?
How tall was the shortest one?
What is the maximum life span of Plateosaurus?
What kind of skeletons did the paleontologists find?
What decades were successful?
What latin term is Pride in Battle?
What year did the Dutch special commission conclude that same-sex couples should be included in civil unions?
In what year did the government decide to address civil marriage?
What are partnerships an alternative for?
When was the same sex marriage first legalized in the Netherlands?
On what date was a final armistice agreement reached thereby officially ending the Korean War?
What were these talks mainly about?
What compound has C4H4S?
Where in Al-Ain are artisans typically located?
Is there generally more rain in the south or the northeast?
In what year did the opposition forces organize into three competing parties?
Who were trying to gain freedom in the Russo-Turkish War?
When did Russia have an economic recession?
when did Lenin's die?
What language was not particularly heavily influenced by the languages used in early Christian works?
When did the power of mongol start declining?
What year did Catherine die?
Who did Catherine team up with?
Who was the monk that wrote Ivan III a letter?
Which establishment was shocked by the Nihilists?
Why is Kievan Rus so important?
What did Peter abolish for the Holy Synod?
What year did Peter the Great pass away?
Despite having a strong central bureaucracy in the early 1600's, what name was the dynastic crisis that resulted in the loss of territory to Polish and Swedish powers?
When was Ronald Reagan elected?
How does Roxithromycin prevent bacteria growth?
what does roxithromycin diffuse into
What variances did Batman use for his utility belt?
How often did Batman team up with different superheroes under the Brave and Beautiful?
What kind of vehicles does Batman use?
Why couldn't he forgive Bob?
What did Giordano say?
How long did it take for The Dark Knight to reach sales of $400 million?
who did they think of?
What is the name of the first Batman story?
Batmans sidekick has many iterations, the third of which being who?
What is one country that she made large investments in high-profile companies?
Isabel dos Santos has interest in telecommunication in which country?
What is Susan Collin's most acclaimed novel series?
What election was it that Obama won?
What nickname does the Obamas' second daughter use?
what did he do in 1988
Barbiturate symptoms are what?
What are the fastest moving plates?
What type of material is required to create mid-ocean ridges?
What is the maximum end of the year range in which the regions experience glacation and thaw?
What is the range of precipitation amounts?
What type of cycle is important in erosion?
Does the amount of solar energy increase or decrease depending on latitude?
Where does the majority of the human population live?
What is the primary thing explained by the hypothesis?
What does global warming cause?
What does the NGO do?
What do many consume for nutrition?
Where did the 2009  North Korea nuclear power test occur?
Besides nuclear weapons, what other types of weapons of mass destruction does North Korea produce a lot of?
What Air Force was it entered into operational service at?
how many bombers were in the operation Arc Light?
What is another term for Kh-28?
What is one type of missile in the Kh-25 family?
How do the Chinese hope to use their modified YJ-91?
Paul van Buren was a theologist who described what being as either meaningless or misleading?
What is more stringent for representative ?
What portion of the state elects a senator?
How many officials have been impeached?
What is needed for the president to make congressional=executive agreements?
Why did people want two governmental houses?
when was the only time that the Senate broke a deadlock?
Sinuiju Special Administrative Region was established in what year?
When was geocentrism standardised?
What happened in modern times to the work of Heliocentrism?
What is the people who used the deferent and epicycle model?
Who theorized the pillar earth cosmology?
Who theorized that earth is stationary?
In what part of the ring do particles originate in?
What is another name for Jovian kilometric radiation?
how many degree is the dipole tilted from jupiters axis
What is created along the equator?
Which planet is the fifth ?
What do the flux tubes do when loaded?
What are the names of Cleopatra's offspring with Alexander?
The Thomsen River sees what birds as permanent residents?
What separates the islands
Where is Banks Island located?
What is one standard of measure for the severity of a public health crisis?
Who was the writer of the tv adaptation?
Who wrote Umaru-Chan?
what happens when umaru doma gets home?
Who was Constantin von Economo's partner in the publishing of a detailed cortical map?
after how long did it burst?
Where is a circumstellar disk formed after matter falls in?
What is the boiling point of colourless substance ?
What must be calculated to get the most accurate number?
What factor can influence the travel time to the decoupling surface?
What was the country called after 1984?
Which country had to turn to foreign aid after years of corruption and drought in the 1990's?
Who is Cameroon's main ally?
Where is the biggest hydroelectric station?
When did the Croats first arrive in the area known as Croatia?
What percentage of people in Croatia are served by cable television networks?
what is considered a problem in the court system in croatia?
Which territory was taken up by Italy after the invasion?
When did Germany and Italy occupy Yugoslavia?
Who removed the Croats?
What can be used to separate colors from white light?
Who is responsible of developing the first lenses?
What path does Fermat's principal say takes the shortest time?
what is present at the wider area?
What types of minerals make up New Guinea's exports?
How old was Kovacic when he was first noticed by many prominent scouts?
Who was the manager of Inter then?
where did kovacic say he would transfer to?
Where was additional seating added at Old Trafford which allowed for a new Premier League attendance record to be set?
When did Manchester United reach the final again?
who are MANU'S rivals?
Which football club has around 75 million fans worldwide according to sports industry consultants?
What profession is David Morrison?
What year was the substance of suspicion towards mainstream Western culture found in literature?
When did the phenomenon occur?
Who wrote about the mysterious god B'olon Yokte?
what is a melody in the most literal sense?
Different music uses what differently?
What did Kliewer see as the most crucial aspects of a melody?
What idea did Richard Wagner make popular?
Other than Singapore, what are the other 4 countries in the military alliance known as the Five Power Defense Arrangements?
what can cause haze in the tropical rain forest?
How many people in Singapore speak Tamil?
What year was the responsibilities of the priest passed onto mayors?
Municipal arrondissements exist in what three communes?
What were the arrondissements separated into?
What is the location Adipose tissue found is referred to?
What type of tissue in made up of many blood vessels?
What node do all depots contain?
Subcutaneous fat is located where?
What happens to estrogen levels in women during menopause?
Where is visceral fat located in the body?
How many hills were the Rome of Kings built upon?
What type of goal is saving for retirement considered?
What increases the feeling of well-being?
Who threatened to replace the aristocracies?
Paideia was for wealthy who?
what is classical greece considered as?
When did Alexander The Great pass away?
What is another name for the territory occupying modern Greece?
Where else besides Egypt were Greek colonies?
What does Greek Mythology consist of?
What impact did the colonies bring to the Greek?
What kind of population did Roman slaves mixed into?
What did the most important Classical period Greek physician found?
What year did the studio produce the feature "Song of the South"?
How often were the Disney films reissued?
Where was Maria Theresa from?
where does Andrew study his jazz?
In which year was David Herbert born?
When and what areas does shedding occur?
What type of climate can it be found?
What is the role of a governorate in early Russia?
What word was reinstated when Guberniya was no longer used?
How does John prove who the true enemy is to Cersei?
Who invites him to Dragonstone on behalf of the Targaryen girl?
Who was annoyed by Sansa's actions?
Who portrays Jon Snow?
What is Norway's name in Nynorsk?
When was the earlier of the two referendums?
How much sunlight does the rest of the country get?
Who was doubtful of the move of the XXII Corps?
What nationality helped fortify the front lines of the frontier?
What is located in Mersa Matruh in Egypt?
What does RAM stand for?
Which skeletal animation models are sometimes wrong?
What type of surgery is mentioned?
when was the first attempt of a coup in Kinshasa?
What common weapons were used by the FRELIMO guerillas?
Who supported the collaboration?
What was the weapon of choice for soldiers that deployed parachutes?
when did the powers plan to disrupt the western colonies
Who gained independence in June 1975?
Where was the study carried out?
What is the volume of the brain in question?
What was Eisenhower commonly referred to as?
Who performed the DNA testing of the remains suspected to be of Megumi Yokota and kaoru Matsuki?
What is the result of the DNA testing?
who was working jointy with his abduction?
What is the Japanese government claiming abaout the abduction issue?
What industry is recycling very important to?
What did Art Bell ask listeners to do during his show on April 12,th 2001?
An Uzi is considered to be a
In what month did the speedcubing championship take place in 1981?
Which object contains 26 miniature cubes?
When did Nichols file for a patent of his cube?
What is the population of the Italian Province of Sondrio?
what kind of help do ACLU give when civil liberties are at risk?
Which two armies lay siege during the war?
Where did the two armies move to?
What were the names of the two Councillors?
What did Wallenstein lack even with an army?
What year saw mass production of pure oxide reach a broad scale?
What number metal element was discovered in 1930?
What was the minimum pressure of the typhoon in hPa?
In what biological species does this occur?
What type of environmental toxins do these reactions help to degrade?
An organism responds to what signals?
What are the metabolic processes of catabolism?
After purification, what is there to expect further from this project.
Approximately how many metabolic pathways are involved in studying metabolism?
What is the final stage of the isoprene units that can be turned into cholesterol and ergosterol?
What is the consequence of long term starvation?
how is lipid defined?
What is the use of lipids besides their structural use?
What are simple sugars called?
What can be classified by the source of their energies?
Where does the energy that drives the reaction come from?
What type of organism has photosynthesis?
What is most important for cells to survive?
What was the universal ancestral cell?
What are catalysts that speed up chemical reactions in the body?
What is typically involved in this type of regulation?
What is the building called 32 Old Slip commonly known as?
what outcomes are as a result of standardized methologies?
In what time period was it eventually used widely?
What happened to Moscow State University in 1998?
How many tournaments did Kulikovskaya win?
What does RSSU stand for?
What causes air to go into a birds lungs
Which feathers are replaced first for the species of passerines?
How long was the responsibility he accepted?
What does Divus Iulius mean?
Who betrayed Pompeius?
Where was he born?
What is the name of the Palaces that are located there?
In which country is the monument found?
What is the full name of king Osorkon III?
How many language groups are counted as indigenous?
What are the mandatory school ages?
What percentage of non-indegenous people were in canada in 2006?
What year did Canada have a devastation volcanic eruption which killed at least 2,000 people?
What is the climate in the Canadian Arctic?
Who is responsible for criminal courts in Canada?
What are the two more recent prominent symbols of Canada?
What two countries have more of the world's oil supply than Canada?
what year were tariffs eliminated?
What percentage of people did diseases kill?
What year was there a Conscription Crisis in Canada?
What types of individuals dwelt in the land north of the United States before Europeans arrived?
Who was the god of the Sun in Greek mythology?
How did Nerites drive?
Why was Aelian offended by Helios' refusal?
How can companies show their clients a represenation of a potential product?
what can you do with the parts in CAD/CAM software?
What type of science constructs 3D geological models?
What kind of calculation is used?
In a lot of aircrafts, what is stored in areas where weapons used to be?
When did the squadron delivery start?
What did McClintock's mother do about sending her to college?
What institution was she offered a position at?
What does the acronym SPM stand for?
What were controlling units later known as?
Who did she work with at Missouri?
When did McClintock retire?
What was the book she wrote in the 80's?
How many Nobel prize winners were illustrated on American Scientists" stamps in 1989?
What has Spm been identified as?
what is the name of the corporation
What did Cosby return to later?
What year did Buress make jokes about Cosby?
When was the show held
Did the recognition of Bhutan as new monarchy had an effect on it's relationship with Tibet?
During what decade did power struggles occur?
What are the units on a multi-core processor called?
What di parallel algorithms often fail to achieve?
Which condition signifies output dependancy?
What unique offerings does parallel computing provide?
What is the claim of meat eating proponents to support their course?
What did the neuroscientists say?
What did Douglas submit?
What does the F-15E lack?
What system in TEWS is used to create interference in radar signals?
What type of missiles use laser designator?
Where is Burj Khalifa located?
Who did Madonna collaborate with for Ray Of Light?
Which album did Flick feel was her most lyrically intelligent?
Which category did Confessions on a Dance Floor win a grammy in?
What profession did she begin at this point?
What did Conner say about Madonna?
How much did Madonna make per session?
In what country was Into the Groove a top hit?
With who did Madonna sign a contract?
How many countries did Madonna's eleventh album debut in?
In the summer of 1987, who went on a world tour called Who's That Girl World Tour?
What was Tony's position at Chrysler and General Motors?
Who were her two older male siblings?
Who claimed the Madonna's talent was not outstanding?
why is recombinant popular?
What is the alternative name for antihemophilic globulin called?
What happened to Christmas around age 46?
what happens during liver failure?
What sort of disorder are being looked at?
Who agreed together to use Roman numerals over eponyms or systematic names?
When did Muller live?
A thrombus becomes an embolism after becoming what?
What do the Tranexamic acid and the amin ocaproic do?
When did the club win it's first League title?
How many Liverpool fans were convicted of manslaughter?
How many stadium disasters were supporters involved in?
When did Boas establish his ideas about axiomatic in anthropological research?
What shape are the eyes?
Which animal has dark, oval eyes?
What are the measurements of the female Australian Cattle Dog?
What was the continent that used to hold most of Earths land?
Who did Oliver Jonas Queen sometimes dress up has?
What's the three possible names for a piece of equipment?
What does the third part indicate?
Oberon is considered to be what?
How long was it since he previously defeated a Tatar raid?
How many battles has he fought?
What year did it start to escalate?
What was Bonaparte in favor of?
when was the song "OopsI did it again" by Britney spears released.
How did Dont let me be the last to know perform on charts?
What does the practice of psychiatry emphasize more?
What is important with a patient for many of the physicians?
what is the outcome of poor relationship between a doctor and patient ?
What do they commonly refer the inscriptions as?
How many known Maya inscriptions have survived?
Who had to assume a seige?
What did the detachment overlook?
What was built from flammable materials?
When was the fire?
In what country is the city of Winchester located?
How long was the hiatus?
when was JAXA formed?
What's the biggest place in Bangladesh?
How many cities hold mayoral elections?
Who were blamed by the poor managing after the disaster?
What is the leading source of employment for Bangladesh people?
Land of Bengal is another name for which country?
What does SAARC stand for?
How many copies did a Korean Kiss sell?
Where did he visit?
What elevation is Lake Edward?
What Christina denomination makes up 12.6% of Christians?
About how many smaller islands are in New Zealand?
What are the two main tribes of maori?
Out of adults in New Zealand how many have no formal education?
When did local film-makers receive help?
What is the life expectancy expected to be in 2050?
How has the public obtained major details about the new Wii?
What is the interface made to look like?
For what did Gerstmann criticize the controller?
The Gamecube was invented by which company?
What video game remote is discussed here?
what is included in the wares?
What does an anime convention represent?
How big is Devon Island?
Who directed Annabell: Creation?
Who conducted the study on capital punishment?
What leads investors to become overconfident?
How did the participants percieve the conclusion?
How can the search for evidence be described in terms of likelihood of success?
When did the experiments occur?
how did the participants reduce their cognitive dissonance ?
What conclusion was reached after believers were given inconclusive evidence?
What is a broad term used for the mechanism of self-verification?
What produces information in differing amounts?
What does a window Manager control?
When did the fourth version hit markets?
What did people find alternative for?
What is The X Window System also known as?
Which source of X, is the most predominant since 2004?
Modric scored his first goal of 2010-11 on what date?
Bahrain only has a small sum of what type of land?
How good are the roads constructed?
What month did the commission confirm reports?
What does the genetic system provide?
Viruses are named and grouped based on what?
What does the Epstein-Barr virus cause?
What are the common hepatitis virus strains in humans?
What are the only two things viruses have been grown in?
What was the name of the person who proved Beijerinck wrong?
What was the ranking of the flu pandemic that was unusually deadly and may have killed  as many as 5% of the worlds population?
what is it that viruses do not have?
Viruses are invasive because of the replication that occurs with what messenger protein?
What does Filoviruses cause?
What is the term used for international widespread outbreaks of viral infections?
What kind of worms are vectors?
What type of cancers happen in a small portion of infected people?
If viruses were once small cells, as hypothesized by some, what was it that they parasitised?
What was their hypothesis on?
What was Mollison's claim to fame?
What was the Keyline Design used for in terms of agriculture in the 1950s?
What types of systems did Smith suggest?
What was peraculture originally reffered to?
How fast did the Venera 12 lander go when entering the atmosphere of the second planet of the solar system?
Who secured the Prussian territory?
What city did Frederick William have to run away from?
Who would WIman Joseon side with?
how many nations were formed from this place?
Approximately how many different legions did Gnaesus sail with?
The Carthaginian camp had whose baggage?
Who commanded the fighting men in Massilia while Hannibal was in Gaul?
How much in value did the foreign exchange reserves produce?
is the judiciary dependent?
When did Masire retire from office?
When was Pitch Perfect released?
What position in goverment did Clinton hold?
When did she run for president?
Which campaign did Clinton make more statements that received a lot of criticism?
At what college did the future Mr. and Mrs. Clinton meet?
Where win Mexico would you find the monsters?
What did the incomplete evacuation end?
Were more people killed or injured while the street fight was taking place?
Who did Philip attack despite being forced to retreat?
Who was the treaty favorable to?
What kind of expression did the government control?
Many Christian leaders were what?
where the did wine harvest took place?
Where did the draw take palce?
Which former president was a former president named after?
What facet of science did Warming found?
Was was the magnitude of the earthquake that shook Lombok in 2018?
Alibaba, Amazon, and which other online retail store are the largest ever?
How long did Blu-ray sales top the charts?
What issue number did Thanos make his first appearance?
what awards did the film receive?
When did Steve Jobs die?
Name one area of remaining controversy.
When was the declaration written?
How does the size of the Alioramus compare to the T-rex?
How old are the foot bones and partial skull found in Mongolian sediments?
Assimilation and Fixation are examples of processes that introduce what element into an ecosystem?
At what temperature represented in the metric system can this organism reproduce?
What are the main two phyla?
What is mostly under water?
In what part of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge is Iceland located?
What are the functions exerted by?
Who directed it?
Who preached at Anfield in July 1984?
What team was playing when the floodlights were first turned on?
What was built for Anfield?
What year did they win all home games?
Who did Dreyfus make his complaint to?
Who betrayed everyone?
Contention has been present for almost 100 years due to what?
who spearheaded the publication of Arturo?
When was Lidia born?
Who were the teachers of Philopoemen?
What was the alleged pet name used by Frank Darby?
How many million years old are thylacine family?
What is the primary cause of environment and health issues in this instance?
What resulted to the election of Alcide DeGasperi?
How many Italiants were employed in the transport sector in 2004?
How many children a re born to forwign nationals in Italy?
What are Milan and Turin known for today?
In which country is Campione d'Italia located?
What disaster is an example of waste for industrial activity being disposed of in illegal ways?
What award did Navas win?
How much of the California coast was covered with redwoods in 1850?
Does the Comprising Redwood National Park have the tallest or shortest trees on the planet?
Who denied Carey permission to co-produce?
At the start of the 17th century, which pieces were being worn by well-to-do women?
This keeps the image steady on which part of the animals eye?
What were azgdarchhid's often been compared to?
What type of surface could azhdarchids walk more easily on?
What is the relationship between pterosaurs according to Hone and Benton's analysis?
In what decade did it become the AIDS defining illness?
When were is Lissus captured?
Why did Philip V lead the Hellenic League in battles?
Who did Philip cooperate with?
When Tashkent was rebuilt, what was it rebuilt as?
what did the government do after the fall of the Russian empire?
What was the first movie that Watson was involved in?
Where is the Dragon School located?
What city did Watson live near when he was 3?
How long did these people receive education for in terms of one day?
What newspaper gave Watson a positive review?
What does a blue whale eat?
What whales are included as Blue whales?
When did the population of blue whales historically begin to dwindle?
Where does the population infrequently visit?
What happened to the vaccine market when Prevnar was approved by the CDC?
How many deaths has pertussis claimed in 2002?
What do English people worry about when it comes to vaccination?
How much of the chromosomes cannot be copied by the DNA?
What complicates identification?
What does the EcoRV enzyme recognize?
What type of biological macromolecule are nucleases?
How many helices are joined together?
What stops the reaction?
What type of junction structure is the Holliday junction?
Which Persian received the Leverhulme Prize?
What area did Saramago win his Nobel Prize?
Who co-wrote the song "Shake It Off" with Max Martin and Shellback?
What is the emphasis of the state's Jewish studies programs?
What part of England is highly urbanized?
In what sector are there increasing arguments about these widely distributed resources?
What does carbon sequestration do in regard to effects of fossil fuels?
how many figures were used ?
What does the economy rely on?
What is one way Scotland is dealing with climate change?
Compared to global standards, how is the natural resource base classified?
why has scotland not paid much attention to renewable energy?
What inspired Shinkai to start voicing the Distant Star?
what were most of the guests?
How many storeys is the hotel?
What monument can be visited in oleksandriia's square?
What is the English meaning of the word Raion?
What team does Lee Seung-woo play for?
What is the scientific name for the rhino?
what tour was Pour it up performed at?
The chairan of the Senate Judicisry Committe deals with what issues?
Who ruled Portugal in the 1500s?
What animal did Durer didn't see?
Where did the letter originate?
Who was a member of Shinee?
How long did the task take?
Who is Cristiano Ronaldo?
How many miles long is the Iskar river?
Where were the offices of Pandemic Studios located?
What is another name for The Golden String?
How any copies have been sold worldwide?
How many districts is Lesotho divided into?
What for was Kristoff trying to return home quickly?
What character was not adaptable to modern audiences?
It helps to promote international what?
A chemical equation shows what type of occurrence?
What do oxidants remove from other substances?
What is the parent company of Qatar Distribution Company?
How low was Qatar's unemployment rate that they would seek to have immigrants make up 86% of the people living there?
What is the name of the television station that launched in 1996?
Which country is the second to recognize the National Transitional Council?
What year was the Diagnostic test eventually used in cloning?
Why do prison tattoos have a high risk of infection with HCV?
who led the Soviet Union from the mid–1920s until 1953 as General Secretary?
How many goals did Icardi score on loan for Sampdoria?
Which period is the dinosaur Pelosaurus humerocristatus from?
Is a holotype typical or atypical?
Does clomifene increase the chances of a multiple pregnancy?
The  type of cancer that begins in the ovaries is called what?
What other number can divide an dividend to result in a quotient?
Who recognizes the arctic sea as an ocean?
How many major oceans are located on Earth?
What did cartographers tend to do?
How many channels does douglass have?
The February Revolution happened in what year?
What was the name of the King of Prussia in 1848?
In which year did Karl Marx travel with him?
What conditions needed to be met in order for Frederick to revieve the crown?
In 1848, what was Austria considered to take over?
Who was King Ludwig I's favorite consort?
How many states recognized the constitution?
What did Ludwig try to do?
How man people escorted the fallen?
what were the three colors worn by the King, his ministers, and generals?
What treaty did not do a good job of dealing with prussia?
What did Prussia do in order to try to keep fighting down in other countries?
When did the Rhineland began to be controlled by Napoleonic France?
What year did the people start to become agitated due to an increase in levy and diplomatic suppression?
What does unification opinion support?
What area did the insurrectionary government take control of without fully organizing itself?
Where did a riot ensue?
What did the russian forces consist of?
Who did the Russians attack after destroying the enemy fleet at Sinop?
What was the fleet pushed to do because of reinforcements?
How did Russians react to the victory?
What did he expect not to be dissolved?
What was one of the reasons the 1862 election cost Republicans big losses?
Who did Lincoln believe would unite the Republican Party with his appointment?
How many copies of the pamphlet were sold by the Tribune writer?
Lincoln drew on the antislavery policies of which political party?
What government organization was responsible for choosing senators?
What is Bowen's production company called?
Laura Denn played Hazel's mother, what was her name?
What website contained praise for "The Fault in Our Stars" by Wilson Morales?
what did Emma write?
What did Mendelson think of the movie "The Fault in Our Stars"?
What city was in the second state to host the tour?
What date was the clip shown?
What rating did USA Today gave to the film?
what year did was Degaya conquered?
Goguryeo moved it's capital to Pyongyang in what year?
What document encompasses amendments one through ten of the Constitution of the United States?
What dinosaur do paleontologists believe is representative of the species?
How many years after The Origin of Species was it brought to light?
Dinosaur extinction likely happened because of an impact event happening where?
How large were the smallest avialan dinosaurs?
What do dinosaurs consist of?
When does it become a pollutant?
What disease could be caused by carcinogens?
What was Souchon told to do?
How many hours did Breslau and Goeben stay at the port?
Which government received the Yavuz after Germany?
Was the minefield active or inactive?
When was the refit conducted?
Why was the Yavuz perceived as more capable than its Soviet couterpart?
How was the battlecruiser Goeben different from the previous design?
When was von Ingenohl taken out of his post?
How many males were injured?
Why was the ship forced to slow down?
In what year did Mendeleev predict the existence of ekasilicon?
What did winkler initially named his discovery?
35% of germanium use in 2007 went towards what?
what makes up an allotrope known as germanium?
What was the most prominent sultanate after the adoption of Islam?
When was the Anglo-Dutch treaty created?
Which European country set up the first colonies on the Malay Peninsula and in other regions of Southeast Asia?
In order to stifle the efforts of enemies, Vira Rajendra Chola made the decision to do what?
Shah called himself what?
In what war what the insurgency defeated?
What is the difference between stalactites and stalagmites?
What percentage of the solution is used for household purposes?
What percent of concentration is HCI when used for picking off carbon steel grades?
Electricity causes intense pain and is sometimes used as what?
what is the relationship between voltage and current?
What 18th century invention made electricity more available?
what can cause muscles to contract when the system is provoked?
Who's instruction change the costume in The phantom menace?
Who is accused of betrayal?
how many actresses tried out to play padme amidala?
Who ran away having gotten assistance from two people?
What magazine does Peter Travers work for?
Who are sentenced to death?
What coasts did they raid?
When did Muawiyah send his army?
Who was one of the Emperors that destroyed areas in Taurus?
What year did the Arabs invade?
Who succeeded Muhammad?
what were these expeditions aimed at?
In what year was Veronica Anne Roth born?
How many copies did Baby One More Time sell in 1 year?
How many copies were sold?
How much later was she released?
What does Britney wants?
What was considered unusual when it came to american norms?
When was the show cancelled?
when did Spears end her engagement?
What air force supported Allied aircraft?
how many Germans were missing from the battle for France
How many fighter aircraft in total did the Allies have?
What is considered a high leel domain name?
Whose file can be programmed to give the correct identities to the addresses?
How does the localhost iteration of the client connector connect to the database, in regards to MySQL?
How many times brighter is it if a comet if half the distance from the sun?
What type of terrestrial object is outlined in the article?
In what year could governors-general be found in 6 eastern european locations?
who could act as governor elsewhere?
What was the name of the group that the people of the Russian Empire were categorized as?
How many serfs lived in poor conditions in 1859?
What parent company founded solutions for computer peripherals and publishing?
Who was dos purchased from?
What is one program Microsoft is famous for?
what burdens do girls usually face during their education?
What continent is mentioned?
what is the widely known kind of child labor in females?
When does menarche occur?
Who were typically the young girls that were depicted in Egyptian murals?
Who is the target of Sappho's written works?
Which culture provide sexualized portrayals of women in cartoons.?
What areas of the world think that CSA is not very good?
How many people are estimated to become prostitutes?
What year was The Green Dwarf written?
When did Maria Die?
When did they publish a joint collection of their poems?
why did she not want to leave Haworth for long?
How many eartherquakes were there in December 2008 at Yellowstone Lake?
What conifers can be found among the various groves in the park?
How many square miles is Yellowstone National Park?
How many people lost their lives in the first attack?
What was carried out against civilians?
What was the maximum hurricane category that Rita reached?
When were the tropical storms decreasing?
How can it be given to people?
What is an affect of the Kelvin-Helmholtz mechanism?
Which was the first company to invest in facebook?
What types of sites and apps were blocked?
Which researchers performed a study to see if people perceive things based on their current mood?
What are the moods, positive or negative?
what does encourage problem solving?
in what year was Plato's Timaeus written?
How long after the series premiere did FX renew the show?
What type of transport is used in Kula Lumpur
When was the earliest version of Gmail released?
what is necessary to edit website?
Where is the mineral commonly found?
What amino acid is not able to be broken down due to phenylketonuria?
What type of DNA does transformation use?
What observation helped prove inheritance in organisms occur by the passage of genes from parent to offspring?
How do multicellular organisms develop their structures?
Peas and humans share the same pattern of what?
Which fly was studied?
What appears differently sometimes when mutations occur?
What is it called when mutations can cause a species to evolve into better forms and have a higher survival rate in their habitat?
How many genes are contained within a genome?
What process is allows for the DNA to amplify fragments?
What features do the cell types have?
Where did Mueller earn his Juris Doctor?
Among common eye problems, what condition is the most common cause of blindness?
What is the temperature that could be triggered by a spark
when will hydrogen gas become explosive?
What is the name of the other stable hydrogen isotope?
What was the original name of the city located where Seoul is today?
Who else makes up the Finnish Government besides any ministers?
Which European countries to spend and trade with the most?
What language do the majority of the people in Finland speak?
How did the Olympic games classify Finland until 1908?
what are the twins names?
Although he received a lot of praise during his lifetime Shakespeare was not what?
How many plays did Shakespeare write?
Who was William Shakespeare's father?
What year was Logan a POW?
where does logan return to?
Where does Logan live?
What was the impact the parasite had on Logan's heart?
Where is Logan places?
Who ends up dead in the end?
What company does Mariko work for?
When was the first Wolverine trailer released in US?
What character is featured in The Wolverine?
When was the director of The Wolverine hired?
Who traveled to Ichiro's house?
Who demanded the finding of Logan and Mariko?
Who was Noburo looking to have eliminated?
Cook served what role in IBM, following his tenure at Auburn?
What are the electrons that the ternary hydride Mg6lr2H11 are believed to contain?
How many stable isotopes does iridium have in nature?
What is the first step to separating the metals?
How thick is the layered coating of iridium on the Chandra X-ray Observatory mirrors?
Which section of the Treaty of Versailles sets up the League of Nations?
What was under international supervision?
When did Japan invade China?
which two men are forced to resign after the british and french public revolted?
In which year was the Leagues finally dissolved?
Who were the Spanish Republicans that were involved in a 1936 coup?
Despite being determined to adhere to certain mandates, the League of Nations was missing what?
who did the league send?
What kind of situation did the indecision create?
Who intervened with mediation for the governments?
When did Alanders rejoin Sweden?
What are some examples of Chondrichthyes?
when did the became extinct
what is useful during pregnacy
When can onset occur?
what year was the park listed
What is the name of Rihanna's fourth studio album?
When was Rude Boy released?
What kind of rights is the State required to secure?
What freedoms are discussed, other than conscience and religion?
what does FISH stand for?
What type of simple surface can't be described by using coordinates?
What extremely dense high-temperature state started the current known universe?
how can gravitational waves used?
What are the five sources of gravity?
Where else can the light shift to higher frequency can be observed according to Einstein?
Which type of substance causes greater risks when exposed to?
How old is the ore deposit?
How many structures were demolished by Little Boy in Hiroshima during WW II?
What is NGC 4625 galaxy's uniqueness?
What is the national language of Mali's?
Compared to other countries in the world, where does Mali sit on the poverty spectrum?
When did President Trump sign 115-44 into law?
Who was the assassination attempted on?
In what year did Edward start his journey home to Italy?
When did Madagascar send their first athletes to the Olympics?
who carried on the traditions of african poets in the 20th century?
In the country of madagascar legislative power rests with which groups?
Who was invaded?
When was the citizens case started?
What type of climate did the weather conditions produce from May to October?
When was the amnesty law passed?
What two years did a mass exit of Palestinian refugees fleeing to Lebanon occur?
When was the tower completed?
From which areas did original volunteers and founders originate from?
The Jews that found safety in Amsterdam came from what area?
What was the purpose of ships sailing from Amsterdam to other parts of the world during Amsterdam's Golden Age?
When was the bill introduced to Swedish Parliament?
How long has the Church of Sweden been wedding homosexuals?
When is the government expected to pass legislation ?
Since what year of those who are not Swedes but were legal residents of Sweden have a right to enter into registered partnerships?
What group made up the Democratic Party?
Earlier vaccines for HIV/AIDS are not recommended to who?
To whom was Carey introduced after failing to market her demo tape?
what becames carey's biggest selling album in the US?
Where did she go to medical school?
What was the wedding date of Zucherberg's marriage to Chan?
What sport did Mark Raymond Woodforde play?
What year did they wed?
Where did Mandela make his last public appearance?
What is one holiday that is associated with July 18th?
What award did Gaddafi win?
What type of impression did Mandela have of these gatherings?
Which year did the ANC commit the most attacks?
In what year was a conflict narrowly avoided?
When was the Reformation brought to Bern?
What is the name of their first child, alphabetically?
What does cannonball path depend upon?
Which thought experiment of Newton was used to come to the conclusion that gravity was the same across objects?
What are the three continental plates?
Where was Depardieu born?
In what month was Cise born?
Where did the last concert take place?
Lead poisoning causes what type of feeling in the hands and feet?
when did concerns about lead exposure take off?
Where are Pfizer's main office?
What year was the Marriage Act put into place?
How many votes did the New-Zealand's Same-sex marriage receive?
What country passed a the Marriage Act in 1955?
What creature was known as the shovel lizard?
Who were astronomers that adopted Crux?
What do the disappearances entail?
What right do the relatives have?
What was the elephant's role in Sri Lanka?
What was the first domesticated elephant used for?
Where did Picasso and his wife Olga spend their honeymoon?
what does not taste good alone, but enhances other food?
Which continent, starting with an I, participated in the group.
What type of fuel do Magnox reactors use?
who originally made the triso fuel particles?
What age range is recommended for vaccinating girls?
Who collapsed after her husband was killed?
When did the variety of anecdotes start to increase?
Where was this work first published?
What did Majnun flee when he heard of her marriage?
Who left Odessa to go to the United States at 18 years old?
How many people are expected to live in Ethiopia in 2060?
How much horsepower does the Martin Jetpack have?
How old was Cash when he worked in the cotton field?
At what age Cash start praciticing music?
How many PPH related deaths are there per year?
Which nationality is more prone to this condition?
What is used to transfer information between RNC and SGSN?
What kind of conten will the subscriber have using UMTS?
What is given to the subscriber when a failure is indicated?
How much total time was the transit of Venus across the Sun in 2012?
What god emboddied Venus?
Which year did Adele and Old Etonian announce that they were expecting a baby?
Who inspired Adele's second studio album?
What was the name of the song produced by Paul Epworth?
what happened to Jon's parent village?
What is the name of the title given to the heir to the throne?
Who accomplished remarkable things when Joan was a part of it?
Why did Paramount have to change the release date?
What was done in many films?
How did Horner noticed Sissel?
What parts of the ship were not made with steel plating?
how old was DiCaprio when he was Cameron
What is the review site called where a film has a average of 8/10 score?
How many houses in the United States had a DVD player in early 2000?
what award did it win outside United States?
Industrial economics can be used interchangeably with what term?
What religion are the majority?
When did Napoleon invade Russia?
How many polities were there?
What are two examples of a well-defined territory?
What is one example of a dynastic state
what was one of the things that caused problems among German speakers in Central Europe?
What companies shares did the firm used as collateral for what they borrowed?
What is the March collapse called sometimes?
The plan was to ration what state of matter?
when did Sultan make many enemies ?
What was the Defterdar's punishment?
In what time period was Suleiman a notable ruler?
What is the foundation of theoretical biology?
When should the first dose be given?
The audience included policy-makers and influential what?
Closer was written for which artist?
Which states became hostile to one another?
What is his nationality?
What are some typical substitutes?
What is 894 pounds when converted to kilograms?
How much of the world's oceans have been explored?
How much of the Earth is ocean?
The War on Terror caused Americans to accuse which country of betrayal?
which country was not  going to support or participate in the invasion?
When did development begin in Paris?
What files can Wordfast import and exports
What type of medicine might be combined with Propofol?
When did Churkin die?
What county is Ann Arbor located in?
Where are Winston and Julia kept?
How many langues was it translated into?
Who did some Christian leaders not trust?
How many organisms have genes?
What does the American mink eat?
Why is the American Fink now found in Europe?
What is the literal translation for "tortilla"?
Where is Bratisalva located?
What was the second group of individuals that moved to Buda?
What was the title of the man who founded Universitas Istropolitana?
How many species does the Botanical garden house?
What was the younger brothers name?
What percent did the Swedish-speaking inhabitants represent in 2006?
What type of boycott is given as an example of methods of noncooperation?
What type of justification can be made for respecting one's opponents?
when did the earthquake happen?
She was criticized for her positions on which topics?
How often is the The Nobel Prize in Physics given?
Which nationality is responsible for awarding the Nobel prize?
What year was Olesya Yurivan Rulin born?
What Ariana Grande song did she perform?
Who popularized notional conventions?
When did Varadkar qualify as a general practitioner?
Kurt Russell is a character in which film?
What is ethanol?
What kind of smoke should you avoid to prevent CVD?
who is Khalila Camacho Ali
What did she earn by 1977?
How many teams made it to the last tournament?
Where do users browsers get redirected to?
Who made an appearance in to tournament?
Whho did she serve before entering politics?
What was the primary fields of education that she studied while attending Ljubljana?
What type of DNA structure cannot be predicted reliably using this method?
Who was the idea's brainchild?
How many albums were made before this one?
What was the term used to describe the sociocultural movement the Beatles instilled?
What did Geoff Emerick recall about Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts?
when was the recipients of seven Grammy awards inducted to the rock and Roll?
Who described the musical evolution of the Beatles?
what was Preston awarded?
What chart did Love Me Do hit number 17 on?
By whom was Best replaced in August 1862?
When did they travel to Bangor?
What was the phenomenon given to the greetings the Beatles' received from the Fans?
In what year were aired the first 2 music videos?
Which notable acts were responsible for inspiring the work of the Beatles'?
what advice did little richard give the beatles?
Who did Harrison study with?
Bob Dylan was responsible for introducing the Beatles to what?
Which group does a large bulk of Falkland Island's citizens originate from?
Which provinces did Anthony receive?
What date was the Western Roman Empire considered over?
What year was Dr. Luu born?
What else did Luu and Jewitt find?
When did the orbiter enter the orbit of Venus?
What were the two orbiter's missions, the one that entered Venus in October of 1975?
What is the ratio of females to males?
where was Camp born?
What was the F-150 designed for?
What does SEAD stand for?
What languages did Hertz acquire knowledge of ?
What high tech sector does industrial secition share?
What was considered a Greek Christian work?
Which character visits Walt Disney Parks on a regular basis?
What type of disease is Dracunculiasis classified as?
How many different states will Comcast provide in the United States?
In what year did the deadliest Atlantic hurricane occur?
The diagram shows the interaction of which two subatomic particles?
Cowan and Reines undertook which experiment?
Robinho moved to what team?
What does LGBT stand for?
Where did Steinman go to high school?
Who bayoneted McCain after his crash?
Where did he live when he worked for Hensley & Co.?
How the doses administered?
What type of vaccines are safe for all ages?
What genre of movie can Storks be classified as?
What can cause these skin rashes?
Which civilization is credited with the basics of algebra?
Who played a percussion instrument in this musical group?
Who was Juan Peron's wife?
What is close by to the mosque?
Where does the Solar System rotate around in?
What body of water did the Kingdom of Navarre occupy bordering land?
What tracks system activity?
Can you define Architecture?
Commercial companies still use what based systems?
Is self consciousness related to self awareness?
Where does table tennis take place?
What percentage of robots is located in Africa?
what are some of the food addictives?
Anaphylaxis can cause death in what amount of time?
What was Joker's original character described as?
In what film genre did Mickey Mouse appear most?
Which sytems more frequently result in motions of no confidence?
Which European government systems were given instability due to smaller parties defeating larger ones?
Ultimately, how many total children participated in the experiment?
The vaccine helped eradicate which disease?
which monastic traditions consider asociality a desirable trait
Small amounts of nonsocial behavior is observed in what types of people?
Tzara wrote letters to whom?
What other famous city, besides NYC, is known for their protection of novelists in WWI?
how long did someone write for the dada periodical in 391?
What was not issued by The New Yorkers?
Which country held less negative views of art?
What can shortness of breath mean?
Which neck muscles are considered to be the accessory muscles or respiration that are involved in an asthma attack?
What is the range in which the rates may be different?
How known are the reasons of these differences?
Asthma affects what kind of hospital workers?
When are the symptoms most sever?
What can cause asthma patients who otherwise rarely experience symptoms to have a flare up?
what are the two categories of asthma?
Which medication was used for asthma in the 1960s?
which group of people were given priority for treatment of depression during the 1930s to 1950s
What do genes associated with causing asthma require?
How likely is the other twin to be inflicted with the disease if one twin is affected?
What has result shown on studies on genes?
What increases the chances of a child developing asthma?
What are the some of the causes of asthma development in the current world?
Name one upper airway disease.
Why expert could use the evidence?
What percentage of oxygen is required for alleviation?
What strengthen symptoms ?
By how many milliliters does the FEV1 has to increase in order for the diagnosis to be positive?
what are the uses of peak expiratory flow?
who has given it a definition?
What can doctors advise people to do to help the discomfort when dealing with asthma?
Whats a disease that has no cure?
For people who have daily problems use what?
What ancient historical region Al-Yamamah is located in?
Where can you mind some shifting sandbanks like Friendship Port?
What is yielded by the different companies?
What are three admissions tests?
What is the only score the Liberal arts program can consider?
What is the acronym for the Graduate Management Admission Test?
What sort of features are not included in the program?
Test centers are readily available to students from what type of university?
How much savings was attributed to Six Sigma?
What is the role of Champions and Master Black Belts?
What is the purpose of using DMADV?
How does the Six Sigma empower role holding individuals?
How is the information displayed?
How was Brin and Larry Page's relationship described?
Where did he meet Larry Page?
What is the predominant religion in Kuwait?
What religion is most predominant in Kuwait
In which country most expats are religious?
What color is their fur
HOW MUCH DOES THE QUOKKA WEIGH?
What got translated?
Who based his theory, for the purpose of research, to attribute translations to "fact of the target culture"?
Who created a work which described the history of interpreters in the country which contains the Great Sphinx of Giza?
Which city was first officially established by King Philip in 1592?
What does the Almendares River enter?
What is one reason people believe vampires to be real?
What location had a strong belief in vampires?
What would cause people to think they had been feeding?
What is the noise attributed to?
What was the theory about how vampires came to be?
What body type makes this more striking?
Rabies can cause what kind of side effects?
Out of fear for vampires, what have some Romanians done after death?
What do supernatural beings consume?
What does loup-garou mean?
What state in the US were the stories widespread?
What particular animals contained unlimited power over the dead?
What was Germany up to in 1774?
what is the sensitivity of rapid diagnostic test?
What are some symptoms of swine influenza in pigs?
What direct cost does influenza incur?
What is the main cause of transmission of influenza in cool temperate areas?
What season does influenza become most common?
How long can one expect the cough to last for?
What is the most distinct complication of influenza?
What is the chance of being diagnosed with schizophrenia if a family member has transient psychosis?
Which type of psychosis in addition to alcohol-related is similar to schizophrenia?
What place is the psychosis condition?
What did mind split disease increase to?
What medical condition did John Forbes Nash suffer from?
Are first-rank symptoms widely accepted by the scientific community?
What should be done to first rank symptoms?
Before the 19th century, cases of schizophrenia-like symptoms were calssified as what relative to how common it was?
What is classified as a mood disorder?
What can withdrawal from benzodiapines be mistaken as?
What mental health condition causes positive symptoms in patients?
How common is Tardive dyskinsia?
Drop-in centers, supported employment, and support groups are examples of what type of services for people with schizophrenia?
What is schizophrenia commonly misunderstood as people having?
Which country had higher instances of diagnosed schizophrenia than Europe?
What kind of criticism involves both poetics and hermeneutics?
What could you expect from the romantic era?
How long are visa arrangments in Qatar?
Where can the visa be obtained if prior arrangements have not been made?
How much is a single-entry visa?
What nation gives out GCC Resident Visit Visas?
what is the other name for the facial nerve?
When was Xilion released?
With whom did Swarovski partner in order to produce "Active-Crystals"?
What is the new version of the mouse marketed as in current sales?
What local minorities are most discriminated against by the government?
Who lives together without major problems?
A conversion to a religion can lead to what?
What religion is discussed in this sentence?
what percentage do Muslims take up?
How many nerve fibers does the human optic nerve have
What connect eye to brain and carries the impulses formed by the retina
How did Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi describe the Andromeda Galaxy?
Which name did Charles Messier give to the Andromeda galaxy when he discovered it?
What would a length of 220,000 light years be in parsecs?
What galaxy could be changing shapes?
Which two planets can this mechanism be found on?
What percentage of the total population of Turkey practiced Islam in 2016?
Why did Ada's mother remain bitter?
Who was Lovelace's half-sister?
Which Argentine wines are considered the most popular?
What other accuracy is needed over IM?
When did Konig author his electroplating hypothesis?
Who was Wilhelm Konig?
What is an element that is not watertight?
Inside of the artifact what is the iron rod inside of?
What does the W-boson decompose into?
How many color charges does a gluon have?
When was a scientific model proposed?
What do the quarks have?
What is the cause of PWS?
What are two types of treatment that might help behavioral problems?
When did the scientists describe PWS in detail?
How are techniques described?
Which are  the  highest  risk ?
The distinction between septate uterus and which other type of uterus is not standardized?
One of the definitions of morality is what?
When and to what was Salisbury renamed?
Who was the city's name sake?
What can happen to nurses if their ethics are challenged?
In regards to their treatment, who is allowed to make that decision?
Who withdrew it's forces?
Operation Eraze led to the capture of whom?
What began to push the Yakuts to new territory?
The creation of what transport system led to large numbers of Russians coming into the region?
WHO FOUNDED WIKIWAND?
What was Longchamp known for?
Did Longchamp have positive or strained relationships with English nobles?
Who helped negotiated Richard's release in Germany?
Who's trust did Longchamp retain?
Who challenged Longchamp's authority?
Which country did William de Longchamp serve?
When a lava tube is extinct what does it mean for the lava flow?
What are the three types of chemistries that formulate environmental chemistry?
What awards have the Israeli filmmakers and actors win?
What time frame was the movement instituted?
What was the cause to Union closure?
what makes eating difficult?
What low-impact aerobic exercises are mentioned?
When there is no family history of disease then the cause if what?
What type of oven can the fuser be used for?
What needs to be done during warm-up for laser printers?
For what cause does the Electronic Frontier Foundation advocate?
What was formerly available only to high-end printers?
Who were Larry Ellison's friends?
Who was Andromeda?
How many beds were available in the Maldives in 2008?
In what Century were Maldivians converted to Islam?
What religion came after Buddhist in the Maldives?
How do most Maldivian people make their money?
what did the arabs called the islands
What does the president head?
What was the total cost of the damage caused by the tsunami in the Maldives?
Arabia has influenced the language since what century?
What was one way that the Maldives gained independence from the United Kingdom?
What was announced was going to be upgrade at the 2006 Los Angeles Auto Show?
How much did the car cost in US dollars?
What car what introducted in 2004?
Discovery of the structure of the viral proteins will lead to the creation of what?
What is being developed in order to combat the problems caused by mosquitoes?
Which insects may spread diseases?
In what year were events held in Vietnam?
On what date is the International Anti-Dengue Day?
What is believed to have caused an increase in the rate of dengue cases, which is more broadly referred to as climate change?
what accompanies the recovery phase?
What is AFM?
What is the cantilever typically made from?
What is another name for neutral and ionized clouds?
What are molecular clouds often referred by?
Who was born June 8, 1957?
how many more times more is the objects mass on the lower bound?
How much more mass does this star have, by percent, than the Sun?
In which New York neighborhood was Al Capone born?
Who took over after O'Banion?
How much did he purchase the house for?
Who was Capone's mentor?
what denomination was she?
Why did Torrio go into retirement?
Which religion is most dominant in Burma?
What percentage of the population are Christian?
What is the name given to the area of land surrounding the Mediterranean Sea?
Aqaba's gulf has coastline among how many countries?
When did Raul sign the contract?
When did he married Mamen Sanz?
Inessa worked with a charity for what?
What happened to her work by the 1930s?
What are some other risk factors?
What teams played in the 2019 AFC Asian Cup Final?
Who committed the handball that awarded Qatar a penalty kick?
How did the game begin for Japan?
Who does Jai say will have a gunshot wound?
What did Sahir's trick involve?
Who was wounded during the robberies?
What happens during Christmas?
what keeps on flourishing?
What was calligraphy also used for?
what has this medium been adapted to?
Where did Antipholus of Syracuse go to together?
What is a type of token?
What are two words a vertical bar can separate?
What type of job did Stephen Kleene have?
what city is both the largest city and the state capital of Arizona?
How many associate justices are on the Supreme Court?
What are the three parts of the state government?
How many states does India have?
Where does pancrease divisum take place?
How many Xbox 360's had already been sold when Playstations console was released?
Many Arabian concepts have what two meanings?
What is the most successful year for Kumar in his career?
What is the only problem that PPP solves?
What can cause a sound to be heard multiple times?
Reflection is studied in geology in what way?
What stadium was the 2014 UEFA Europa League Final played?
What are used to extrude fiber-forming materials?
Nylon debuted as a replacement for what material?
What type of school did she attend?
where is San Cristobal de la laguna most populous?
What rank did Sakpal hold?
when did the father die?
Where would he present his messages over and over?
What was the name of his wife?
When did he go back to India?
What was being used by the Constituent Assembly in 1949?
What happened after Ambedkar was accepted to Law and Justice minister?
Which year STS-41G send to space?
Where did Ride gain employment after leaving her position?
Where were her ashes palced?
What disease did Ride die of?
Where was Ride assigned after Challenger?
What sport was Ride nationally ranked in?
What did she focus her studies on?
What is synonymous with combustion?
what is formaldehyde classified as?
Those who suffer from tuberous breasts have their breast development stymied during what stage of life?
where is Haiphong located?
What can be found in the town square center?
For how many years was Bhumibol Adulyadej in power?
What is the name of the drink invented by William A. Mitchell?
Deaths due to what complications are rare in IBD?
What did Bowie reject in 2003?
What was the verdict of the sexual harrassment allegations?
What is the estimate population of Indiana's metropolitan areas?
What is the largest city in Indiana?
What company published Captain Cold comic?
What are the symptoms of Hypothyroidism?
Because of his damaged reputation, Coach Bryant was closely watched and analyzed during which basketball season?
In which year did Bryant get arrested for sexual assault complaints?
Who scored the highest every point total in the history of the NBA?
What number did Bryant sport?
How long did Carl Rogers pratice the psychotherapy?
What is it called when therapists listen without judgement?
It was the what largest accountancy firm worldwide?
What is a less likely cause of pneumionia behind viruses?
To which religion does Yawm al-Qiyāmah aspect belong?
What will be more demanding, interstellar travel or interplanetary spaceflight?
Where does interstellar travel happen?
How has Earheart's disappearance affected the world?
Which president provided Earhart with a distinction?
Who did the majority of the flying on Earhart's flight?
How did Earhart feel after the flight?
Defrage reads whose letter?
A same word or gesture can mean what two things?
What famous massacre did Adams defend soldiers against murder charges?
Who cried when Montag recited the peom?
What does Guy Montag call his wife?
who was the founder of the camp?
How do conservationist plan on preserving nature in the country?
What type of meat was being sold?
What caused issues with the reserve?
What was considered endangered in 1997?
where did her research begin?
What did the language initally emphasize?
How many deal students were enrolled by 1983?
what is the phenomenon best known for?
What were Kegl and researching in Nicaragua?
What does LSN stand for?
What University was used to create a project for illegible writing?
What are the important Greek texts found at the site?
What did Grenfell and Hunt revise?
What  happened to the districts along the riverbank every year?
what percentage were literary?
In what country were the companies which Grenfell and Hunt sent things to located?
Who began exploration of Egypt after it came under British rule?
Classical Greek literature was thought to be where?
Who supervised the papyri for a long time?
Where can these comedies be found?
What subject were the students learning about?
Mention the common Greek gods
Where were remains of colonnades found?
What was the population of this city in 2000?
When did the Metaxas reject an Italian ultimatum?
What is used for coding programs?
Where was the meeting for java at?
What are bolometers used for?
What law is the temperature accorded to?
When did  Nur Ahmad die
Curie fled where when scandal broke?
Curie's first finding using an electrometer was what?
Which scientist won the  Nobel in two fields just like madam curie?
Was Maria Sklodowska the oldest or youngest child in her family?
Who was the grandfather of Maria?
Who Spain win against in the final of the competition?
When did the companies meet?
